Timothy Sackton: So, for the moment all is quiet in the late afternoon sun and the monastery of beach.
Timothy Sackton: About three hours before sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be endowed with are sitting in the middle of the main dining hall waiting for secret kenza to return from their journey deeper into the mysteries of the monastery NBC.
Timothy Sackton: about an hour ago, this is the layer of a mentor family, the bodies of the four dead mentors two adults and two young live, where you killed them the foul smell of their blood beginning to drift through the large room and the still air.
Timothy Sackton: Outside the distant banging of the soul or survivor of the bottle left locked in the bath House has faded because dead companions lying with the.
Timothy Sackton: New heat.
Timothy Sackton: you've come to the monastery seeking answers, although to which questions is not always entirely clear.
Timothy Sackton: Here the.
Timothy Sackton: mist I have been collected stories in history is of the Denmark, and perhaps in those stories somewhere the answers to who or what crashes why the orcs are fighting a civil war, what happened 30 years ago to the Miss diabetes.
Timothy Sackton: Why everybody is hunting for last artifacts what, if anything, I got to dust mother is doing what happened to the protections of the done Mari that have the protections that done Bari has relied on for generations and why our Charter nene agents Everywhere you go.
Mike Sackton: This list of questions written down somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh it's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: A really.
Mike Sackton: Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: summary of what we don't understand.
Timothy Sackton: This I skim this from seekers journal mostly.
Mike Sackton: I think I think every session, you should just add three more questions.
Timothy Sackton: But I will I will add that to the session notes or two seekers journal.
Timothy Sackton: Before you can explore the hall of stories though you'll have to find a way.
Timothy Sackton: To get past the ghosts that your org prisoner told you haunt the halls of the monastery protecting it secrets so down to earth and while but you've been sitting around for about an hour, so you can take a short rest, if you want.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're contemplating your next move kenzo and secret return.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo and and secret why don't you describe.
Timothy Sackton: how you look as you emerge from the.
Timothy Sackton: hall that you had journey down back into this.
Timothy Sackton: main dining area.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Timothy Sackton: I yeah i'm i'm answering that right now i'm so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret stumbles out first looking kind of like a little wide eyed like staring around at everything like is this real and like is normally very neatly braided and arranged long head and beard hair is a is a little bit like shooting straight out in all directions.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he turns to to check on kenzo and support him by the arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah So you see, basically kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see kenzo like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go sleep hail like just you know very, very not looking well and kind of one hand on his staff, the other hand, like draped over seeker or like you know, like he's so he's so weak that he's like literally like on top of secret, who is like you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like i'm maybe i'm a tough one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly like like a shot like wishing that secret or three feet taller so that he could, like you, like that just sort of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hunched over him but but still extremely grateful for the support the physical support and it's just kind of like staggering along.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like one staff and hand left hand like you know, on a staff and kind of walking slowly, and then the other hand, like kind of draped over over seeker and kenzo does not look well kenzo looks like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like he's been infected with a terrible virus, or like you've gotten the ship beaten out of me he just did not look well as he kind of staggers forward leaning heavily on speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what do you guys look like, what do you guys do.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we look better rested and relax, then you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you like watching netflix slide.
Rev. David (he/him): up after the fight.
Mike Sackton: yeah detlef is.
Mike Sackton: made some snacks.
Mike Sackton: You know, sitting at sort of idly.
Mike Sackton: showing some nuts, or something like that, at the table and.
Mike Sackton: Looking sort of relaxed and a bit refreshed and.
Mike Sackton: I don't have that go ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): I think, maybe with the snacks that you pulled out like we've been trading favorite recipes but from back home.
Rev. David (he/him): Welcome
Rev. David (he/him): elfin an elfin heflin food is like not not the food that we make in elfin heflin restaurants to sell to humans, but like.
Rev. David (he/him): Right.
The actually right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there fusion halfway out restaurants and like half links that make how food and like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe there will be now.
Rev. David (he/him): i've been laying down on the table relaxing and I sit up and said what what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I can tell you, I am not.
Eric Rosenbaum: A miss tie a fish ma and also i'm not dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: So both of those things are true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ends up kind of like staggers you know so i'm assuming it's like the cafeteria so there's like table and chairs and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ends up on it kind of staggers over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And sits down and it's just like like kind of one heads like you know, on his staff just kind of leaning up against it and the other just you know barely kind of keeping his head above the table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of looks at everybody, I really need to stop having these brushes with death, I feel like I learned a lot when I get into that portal, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not it's not a good for my health I don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: dying generally is not considered good for your health yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that might be the definition there i'm missing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secret, thank you for for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For at least giving me a little bit of life force back, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: You had me worried there for for a second i'd love to hear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Again, more about what you saw and experienced I also saw unexperienced some very interesting things, but I think it was quite different for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you didn't accept the offer did you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I came just to the edge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See you're wanting to see what you saw i'm curious when you saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you know i've got a lot of ideas now it's this amazing kind of multi multi sensory performance kind of historical.
Eric Rosenbaum: immersive experience.
Rev. David (he/him): But, more specifically.
Eric Rosenbaum: and, more specifically i'm thinking that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps when we return from this adventure, we could create something like it and charge admission but.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we, we think that we experienced.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Young.
Eric Rosenbaum: disciples.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here in this monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: would have experienced as part of an initiation ritual that takes you in a first person way through the story of fishman herself from her perspective that was as far as I could tell what was happening to you think so kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you got it you got it right, and I remember you being by my side on hands, I was like trying to eat nuts, but it's just like not able to like coordinate his hand on top of nuts that kind of like he's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grasping and what.
Rev. David (he/him): will be your show once I cancel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Roll roll up roll something.
Timothy Sackton: make a decks jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do I, what do I have to roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing really there isn't it like crazy disadvantage some all fucked up and can't get things better now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but well being quite precise with his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, right let's.
Timothy Sackton: aim.
Timothy Sackton: You just sit there and he's like perfect shot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me and my face is moving like kind of all over the place.
Eric Rosenbaum: He couldn't moving targets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or i'll say.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have moving targets out with time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is true, you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just don't accidentally throw the flaming pistachio.
Mike Sackton: Those are in a bag.
Eric Rosenbaum: or LDC well we flaming hot.
Timothy Sackton: You got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah excellent kenzo like great gratefully like you know starts punching on, and you know joy very much the delicious paths there and.
Eric Rosenbaum: So crucial moment arrived after the journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Leading the people into donmar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of.
Eric Rosenbaum: everybody's like dying and starving.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we're all gonna die and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the critical moment was when we were asked if we would give our lives virtue of all your at least I was asked about goodbye lifers.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah will you give your life for G volley and I thought well that's very interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could see how.
Eric Rosenbaum: Young monks.
Eric Rosenbaum: who've been studying the story of the schema and devalue their whole lives up to this point and are now pledging their devotion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps would agree to give their lives in some metaphorical sense and not literally die at that moment 4G volley but I thought, not to take the chance myself at that moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: ken's on their hand seems to have gone for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I died yeah I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I literally died.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't panic exactly, but it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I died there, this is now, I think the third time i've done we hold on to this is the third time that causes cancer said zero.
Timothy Sackton: hour if you've never actually died before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No oh yeah yeah but but i've had i've had to do devastating grows.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you've been.
Timothy Sackton: Once unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: I think once before yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, very close to dying another time but I was, I was, I was doing that saving throws at least once and then reemerged and like was meditating my my post after like that, but anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: So up to this point we've been like seeing the beautiful planes of the story of the settling of the the know the ride into donmar and.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fertile ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: turn into ash and.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and the river and the moments of decision and.
Eric Rosenbaum: valleys tears flowing but then after that it was all just sandstone for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Its.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seekers secret speaks the truth, I am now in this day of visual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I completed the initiation ritual, this is, I think, exactly what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Generations of this die before we have also experienced.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a lock in the style this family of god's is his kin to me, so it wasn't a hard choice to make in this moment for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And given my heritage and my connection to the gods here, it was it was an easy decision to make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I do have, I think some clarity or perhaps more mystery, but a bit more of an understanding, I think of maybe what is happening amongst the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I when I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I awoke.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The pound scenario at the Center of the of the of the Center of the Pentagon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was alive with vibrate it was it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was portion with birds and and life, the water so Crystal and beautiful and I saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: not really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: trip, perhaps I was the one experiencing the illusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is reality, but it relative set of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's an important question actually the nature of reality, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I saw though was was a small small group of crystal butterflies emerging from the spread that bounces and it took on the shape of some words that said she is with me, as always, but cannot reach Caroline.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I remember you asking a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: You were talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did praying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I asked, I asked where she was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: last word before beach about was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and respond to that she was with me.
Timothy Sackton: where she was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where she.
Timothy Sackton: Is where she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gets yes exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I ask is.
Mike Sackton: Does it remind me fishman is cocoons father or mother.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mother mother.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah nope okay.
Mike Sackton: and cheese, the actual God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, this is the demigod.
Mike Sackton: Which one was the five siblings.
lock.
Timothy Sackton: lock it volley cockier cheeky and fun car lock at his chicagoans father.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and be smart starts as a human.
Timothy Sackton: Being as dark as a human but becomes a demigod as rakuten.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, she starts at even see.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean.
Mike Sackton: born to walk and beach right.
Mike Sackton: So starts as as a bit big.
Timothy Sackton: Right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And kenzo is a lock in Mr so before all of this was was a was within this time but.
Mike Sackton: You just need to become a chicken miss diane collect the whole family said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the the fucking journey now I mean I guess that's probably going to happen unless we go back to figure out what the hell's going on and Carola.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But any case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be sure responded that law that should crooners with me, as always, but cannot reach terroir something has been taken that should be there, something that helps her reach the world find it and bring it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And part of what I saw as I, as I heard these words for the crystal crystal set of butterflies was an image of a beating heart made of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let us know look like.
Timothy Sackton: A you're not a.
Timothy Sackton: radish radish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: radish it okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm ready sugar stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Men.
Eric Rosenbaum: A shadow stone or a rough one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Read us a rough focused on like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that describes this the sandstone that the Mesa of where the temple of Chicago is carved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is made of.
Eric Rosenbaum: the beating heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I you know it is it a literal answer to return this this stone somehow to to Dr Caroline perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where this stone is, I have no sense but, but I was able to commune with be chabot I was able to communicate each month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think our instincts are right that there is an option that we have defined.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I don't think that this particular part at least relates to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or it doesn't seem, at least to relate to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These fragments of jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This stone seems to be to be something different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, yet another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Last object that needs to be recovered and who knows, maybe also connected to this, the set of mysteries of these these objects being courted by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The open the open society, the open scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By maybe I got to get dust mother I don't know.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crossing over to the world beyond beyond is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not something I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to do more, of, but I have a feeling is not going to be the first one for myself or maybe all of us that a lot of experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's any specific meaning to the heart, in particular, of chicken or if it is her heart or someone else's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is their heart imagery anywhere in the stories TIM.
Timothy Sackton: In sorry, in which stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: of chicken or the associated Denmark Pantheon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who doesn't know that to you.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: not really so I guess actually seeker why don't you roll religion kenzo I think you would you would know in the stories, you know it's um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: He.
Timothy Sackton: has studied well um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's there's not a lot of of sort of heart imagery the closest maybe is there sort of imagery of.
Timothy Sackton: there's like you know there's there's like stories of places that are connected to the gods and like things that are sacred right so like I mean obviously like this monastery right is.
Timothy Sackton: You know this kind of thing comes up a lot right is is a place that somehow as a particular connection to a God or or sometimes the thing that has a particular connection to a God, but.
Timothy Sackton: um but heart specifically.
Timothy Sackton: No there's nothing that that that you can sort of.
Timothy Sackton: That you can think of.
Timothy Sackton: specifically about cocoon or or locker or any of that sort of family.
Timothy Sackton: Secret you have.
Timothy Sackton: So there's not a lot of books on done Mari Pantheon specifically that you've studied back in the Torben archives, or even the time you spend coming through chart and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The thing that comes to your mind that maybe is connected is definitely the idea that god's can you know.
Timothy Sackton: sort of by analogy with ley lines right so ley lines are places where the plane of magic is sort of closer somehow to the.
Timothy Sackton: world of talc are.
Timothy Sackton: There are stories in lore of.
Timothy Sackton: gods being able to.
Timothy Sackton: imbue some of their power into places or things that then kind of function like ley lines for divine magic.
Timothy Sackton: So a heart imagery could it be associated with that right so like.
Timothy Sackton: The heart of Chicago could be something that was imbued with should coons power or like you know the the.
Timothy Sackton: This sort of thing is often and I even in poor oven lore there's you know examples of this, where there's item, or you know particular sacred things that were imbued with.
Timothy Sackton: Usually Rooney power by the firstborn by the by rosalynn so, then our act as kind of particular Fo sigh for divine magic.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't know any stories of the dunmore a Pantheon specifically but but that's what comes to mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And do I know any any.
Timothy Sackton: I know just what I already said about about like I mean you've heard the same kinds of tales about.
Timothy Sackton: sacred places in across donmar are supposed to be places where prayers are.
Timothy Sackton: You know more likely to be heard things like that, but heart imagery specifically there's nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about like like other other organs of god's like the heart of God or like the brain of a God or you know actually inviting to a physical objects in the world, but baby yeah it's sort of like a storm giant size, I guess it sort of as real do like you know is that is that a thing.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's chicken rain like a rock on the top of a mountain someplace.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you haven't you have not heard anything.
Timothy Sackton: there's there's no stories to this effect right there's no like it's not so much physical.
Timothy Sackton: pieces of god's being left behind it's just places where they can hear you better right it's places where there's the sort of defined power collects for for some reason.
Timothy Sackton: And, and many of the meal many monasteries are are are built on those places right, so the locking monastery near toker as like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, an ancient site where early in Denmark history, the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of first settlers gathered and it was kind of a point where people would gather to share knowledge and and stories and so that kind of developed as a particularly sacred spot to to lock up but there's not.
Timothy Sackton: um it's not like the storm john is at all, at least in your understanding it's not like there's some physical embodiment of a God it's something that over time would accumulate the sort of resonance with God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then the other thing about like this particular template to temple as well beach MAS be summer sacrifice themselves or what happened at the exact spot where the pet like that, where the Pentagon is like.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was she volleys sacrifice.
Timothy Sackton: You volley so G volley was the god death to cleanse the land.
Timothy Sackton: But used up all our power, and doing so and then being sacrificed herself to.
Timothy Sackton: Bring G volley back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that all happen like right here at this.
Timothy Sackton: that'll happen basically here, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa on.
Eric Rosenbaum: The edge of the river that used to run around the bend here.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and G volley was.
Eric Rosenbaum: cleansing, the land of what.
Timothy Sackton: The plan, the first plague, the thing that does drink or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right.
Rev. David (he/him): Where the heart was before it.
Rev. David (he/him): went missing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we know anything about the heart, aside from Kansas vision of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we know who would have the answer to that that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: lovely we also.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was something that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The implication was something had been taken or is missing from the monastery at Kerala from the temple sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, given can dresses state before when we left and their unwillingness to share what had occurred there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think either the either the heartless stolen or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who knows, maybe, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Renewed given away from blackmail or somehow taken.
Eric Rosenbaum: I still think kendra so was somehow yeah under.
Eric Rosenbaum: duress yeah either guilt through guilt or shame, or some enchantment.
Eric Rosenbaum: or some black men like you said we don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is anybody able to hear me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, of course, let me give you an additional word of healing just a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could stick around for another hour and take a short rest.
Rev. David (he/him): Go if we can before it gets dark, do you think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Three hours till sunset.
Mike Sackton: So we are going to go i'm.
Mike Sackton: A few maybe practical questions.
Mike Sackton: That the Tower full of ghosts.
Mike Sackton: Do you think they'll be friendly to you now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting question tend to I had just kind of know about ghosts and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean ghosts of whom.
Eric Rosenbaum: New idea.
Allegedly.
Timothy Sackton: Allegedly full of goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: According to their.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows what they I mean they could be ghosts of dead hobgoblin.
Timothy Sackton: kill you, no matter what.
Timothy Sackton: that's no idea.
Mike Sackton: and work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They give me versus the Miss died that are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah works.
Timothy Sackton: They could be.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: i'm going about and.
Mike Sackton: Do we.
Mike Sackton: it's all well and good to go find cocoons hired and restore balance to the universe, but um do we know where to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the one person that does that, so if anybody knows I think it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like there's not gonna be an obvious empty chest cavity inside of the temple of second i'm.
Mike Sackton: i'm kind of assuming we're not going to see a big neon sign when we leave here that says heart this way.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you're asking two different questions, though, where is the heart now, but then, also where does it need to go back to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter latter latter part is probably easier.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we show up here with a question about the.
Eric Rosenbaum: monks 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
Mike Sackton: Well let's go ask the ghosts who are presumably the dead monks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use brief now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I didn't even die so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Arrest dis.
Eric Rosenbaum: dis can go get hit points back for.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the.
Mike Sackton: dice you have to use hit dice to get hit points back from.
Timothy Sackton: You can also use healing potions, of which you probably have some.
Mike Sackton: likes some.
Mike Sackton: healing mud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your.
Timothy Sackton: You have three healing potions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
Mike Sackton: Your own first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wants to get back for healing question.
Timothy Sackton: Each one gives you a TD four plus two.
Timothy Sackton: You can also if you're taking a short rest, you can use quick and killing, you can spend a key to for each key spend you can heal one day six plus three sorry for every two key spend you can heal one day six plus three points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or how much I get for short rest, this is the first.
Mike Sackton: You have to use hit this.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: You don't get anything you, but you can spend your you can roll your dice yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll roll let's what are what are.
Mike Sackton: So how many hit, you have to decide how many hit dice you want to use right.
Timothy Sackton: click on short rest and d&d beyond there's a little button that says roll dice right.
Mike Sackton: You can kick them off.
Timothy Sackton: click that as many times as you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have like five of them, you probably have more or.
Mike Sackton: Less yeah you have five, but you would be five Wendy eight plus one like.
Timothy Sackton: So that's.
Timothy Sackton: You get three now just keep rolling till you've got as many as you want.
Mike Sackton: And so, what are you running and hit days.
Timothy Sackton: So that's the field six total.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I get hit the.
Mike Sackton: lottery.
Timothy Sackton: Everyone go to sleep.
Mike Sackton: You get that one.
Mike Sackton: Each night.
Timothy Sackton: You get back three you get back half and level each night regionally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As.
Mike Sackton: They use at least three US one more.
Mike Sackton: Stop rolling threes.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not rolling well very well so that's nine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now get a question i'll check your question.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 24 plus plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Plus.
Timothy Sackton: So my healing potions.
Timothy Sackton: yeah to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All that.
Timothy Sackton: 1515 not terrible alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine we're not gonna fight eating nasty right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I mean i'm also pretty limited on this bill slots, I could like blow one thing up but i'm otherwise limited to like.
Timothy Sackton: Really harsh remember you can lose.
Timothy Sackton: your power to restore one.
Timothy Sackton: lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I use my power to restore one spell slot how do I do that let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: The power doesn't doesn't have a button, or does it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know do it just like remove a spell slot.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just remove as possible, I just i'm just.
Timothy Sackton: Mark off the.
Timothy Sackton: Mark off the charge on the power.
Rev. David (he/him): team clay scope.
Rev. David (he/him): While they're resting and healing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah sure where do you want to scout.
Rev. David (he/him): I think, starting with the dormitory in the upper, then the lower one, and I think well these thinking is that there's probably not a lot valuable there so just to kind of go through and.
Rev. David (he/him): what's.
Mike Sackton: Would you would you like to be invisible.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: lost anything I could take a second short rest.
Mike Sackton: Get myself back.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, in that case sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're while while kenza sleeping and i'm sort of like crouched over my Pearl after I finished up with that she reaching the glowing energy into my fingertips.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look over at the dead bodies of the their mentors right.
Timothy Sackton: there's four dead man scores, and I think and what five dad works, because he left one alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I take I take out a soft piece of stone and kind of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: square up my view of the manta course and start making the very detailed carbon figurines of each member of the family that we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: executed so.
Timothy Sackton: While we can you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: More realized the tech.
Rev. David (he/him): perception, did you say yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: I use you.
Timothy Sackton: spend.
Timothy Sackton: I guess what most of the hour searching, or do you want to go somewhere else.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm willing to cover the bathhouse the dormitories and those two little buildings.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's pretty cursory search within each one um the bathhouses where the orc is tied up you already kind of looked in there when you left that work um I don't know if you want to open the doors that are not.
Timothy Sackton: So, starting in the dormitories I mean, these are.
Timothy Sackton: There are three story like sandstone buildings.
Timothy Sackton: they've both been fairly well needed.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, in part, recently by the orcs but some of the damage seems to be quite old so he says, probably been looted multiple times um.
Timothy Sackton: You do find.
Timothy Sackton: poking around.
Timothy Sackton: A few hundred sort of scattered.
Timothy Sackton: Small silver and copper coins.
Timothy Sackton: A total of 24 silver and 160 copper, just like you know little.
Timothy Sackton: kick you know things kicked in the dust hidden around a little bit um.
Timothy Sackton: And the other thing you find is a small diary.
Timothy Sackton: Written and done marketing.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: an unnamed monk, who seemed to have lived here, perhaps just before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of flip through it really quickly and it's sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Describing like life in the monastery i'm.
Timothy Sackton: skipping to the end.
Timothy Sackton: Growing militarization attacks news of distant heroes and great Councils, then no news which is worse.
Timothy Sackton: than.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody running.
Timothy Sackton: And the last entry is.
Timothy Sackton: i'm choosing to stay here with the audience contribute what I can't protecting our great work be schmo watch over my soul.
Timothy Sackton: And there are no further entries.
great work.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: recording of all the stories right is there.
Timothy Sackton: Is there great work i'm in the so the the two small buildings seems to be workshops, as you kind of look around.
Timothy Sackton: there's actually two these two buildings that are still standing and then two additional ones that are have been knocked down and the stone taken for some other purpose and so.
Timothy Sackton: not obvious from the air.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: These are.
Timothy Sackton: workshops that were used for making paper from animal skin and plant material that grew along the river.
Timothy Sackton: there's not much left.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the buildings, but you can see, like the bits of frame that animal skins were stretched on and scraped to make vellum and like mallet and things and prices that were used to.
Timothy Sackton: pound out plant material is i'm.
Timothy Sackton: All like the stone in the end the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Wood in.
Timothy Sackton: bits are left, but no paper.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Except tucked in the corner you do find an odd piece of volume that seems to be an unusually good condition i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Blank nothing's written on it that you can see, anyway, but you would not expect it necessarily to have lasted and sort of tucked away um you know, on a bench.
Timothy Sackton: And then anything else you wanted to what else did you want to search.
um.
Rev. David (he/him): let's see we talked about the two dormitories the two workshops.
Rev. David (he/him): i'd love to stick my head down the well in case it's an extra like escape route and emergency.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, the well.
Timothy Sackton: The one that was sort of back behind the bathhouse.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it connects that it it it goes down at that it's dry now but it looks like it was connected to some sort of underwater underground cistern water works, so you stick your head down, and you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Why you can't really I guess you could drop your drift club down and then it would bounce back up because it fits more than 60 feet away from you, it.
Timothy Sackton: Does to within 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like a large empty sister, and at the bottom of the wow and.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be connected to a like a an inflow tunnel and another outflow tunnel all dry now.
Timothy Sackton: there's possibly.
Timothy Sackton: Connecting to the bathhouse somehow of adores know well in the bath house or possibly connecting to the fountain that you saw that's that's here that's sort of in the middle.
Rev. David (he/him): So there's two those two big like sewer pipe the kind of things we walk past the idea that those were probably like below the level of the river and then the River would have flown in to fill the cistern yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's the idea all right.
Rev. David (he/him): If there's time i'll take a look at the well to I read the fountain to.
Timothy Sackton: um I think at this point you've probably spend about an hour and you need to be getting back you now only have about two hours until sunset.
Rev. David (he/him): I really all of us to overview.
Rev. David (he/him): show you the journal The sheet of paper.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the sheet of paper is sheet of.
paper.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: gonna put on my.
goggles.
Timothy Sackton: Making our kind of check with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: So this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is paper that could be in chant that could be um that is prepared in such a way that it could take enchantment it could be used to make a scroll.
Timothy Sackton: Which is probably why it's in such good condition as it is and has lasted this.
Timothy Sackton: But there's new recognize all right.
Timothy Sackton: Good there's not there's no no magic written on it now, but you recognize just the sort of way that it's been crafted you've looked at many spell schools in your in your time and it's clear that this is.
Timothy Sackton: One of the things the monks, presumably were creating at this monastery was.
Timothy Sackton: paper that could take and champions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I know how to make a spell scroll.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah takes time.
Timothy Sackton: But you could do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a way to like write a really powerful run on there and then you can read it off and then have that at a moment's notice.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's hold on to that yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, do you mind if I keep the story.
Rev. David (he/him): Please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turn this to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Follow and bubbling.
Eric Rosenbaum: over us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is the only thing remaining notice to look at the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the horror stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the temple I think we haven't been into either right.
Rev. David (he/him): let's take a look to a closer look at the film before we go into the tower.
Mike Sackton: Is the.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, so you want to had basically out from here to the.
Timothy Sackton: To the fountain and then to the tower.
Timothy Sackton: what's your, what is your plan here.
Eric Rosenbaum: just stop at the phone first.
OK.
Timothy Sackton: So the central courtyard here is.
Timothy Sackton: It has the spiral labyrinth find path that twists in a spiral in towards the Center made of crushed stone sort of decorative.
Timothy Sackton: With these stone baths the stone benches sorry on the sides.
Timothy Sackton: The fountain itself is still water is still flowing and seems to um.
Timothy Sackton: Although some of the.
Timothy Sackton: The stone benches have been you know sort of the aurochs have like chipped at them and there's, one that has like graffiti scrawled on it i'm the founder itself seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Still.
Timothy Sackton: pure water and not particularly.
Timothy Sackton: harmed in any way and there's like i'm trickles of water that flow out from the fountain and collecting in.
Timothy Sackton: Small streams that flow towards the benches on the outside of the labyrinth, and then collecting these pools, but the water doesn't go anywhere from there, and you can't see any there's no like waterworks mechanism here i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dimensions say like brush on them and, like spray paint or there's there's they're like works like street art isn't like little little or you know.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe choose no it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: pretty much like you know.
Timothy Sackton: brush will never die, and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever Russia love.
Timothy Sackton: right that it's that kind of graffiti it's not you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not work art.
Timothy Sackton: it's not or a car yeah it's pretty crude I mean there's like some, though, like you know that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Rising sun symbol that you saw is painted in a few places and us the stone path has been sort of kicked up in places in some like rocks i've been kicked into these pools on the side, but the founding itself seems unharmed the fountain is.
Timothy Sackton: it's a sort of abstract sort of curvy design kind of reminiscent of a of a human kind of abstractly shaped out of flowing water.
Timothy Sackton: And it's the fountain itself is made of polished petrified wood.
Timothy Sackton: And the water is kind of flowing down on you can sort of almost imagine that it's kind of flowing out like teeters but kind of around the entire.
Timothy Sackton: sort of just flowing down around the sides of this of this fountain and then collecting at the bottom and flowing out of these little rivulets to the to the pools.
Eric Rosenbaum: lean in close.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: attempted to touch the actual surface of the petrified wood sculpture.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put my hand through the water.
Timothy Sackton: feels cooling clean and refreshing.
Timothy Sackton: The word itself is or the sculpture as well crafted it smooth and polished.
Timothy Sackton: feels cool to the touch in the hot desert sun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where would you find petrified wood geez I guess that's just something that's like it's almost like a fossil you to get up somewhere.
I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is presumably a magical fountain I know i've got my.
Eric Rosenbaum: purple goggles stowed on my forehead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quick access, so I pop them in.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna concentrate on face site well everybody's looking at the phone to the detail.
Mike Sackton: Okay, they got my.
phone.
Timothy Sackton: So the phone is indeed magical i'm both.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and and note that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of magic.
um.
hold on.
It is.
Timothy Sackton: conjugation.
Rev. David (he/him): that's where the water is coming from them yeah.
Presumably.
Mike Sackton: Is there is is is the whole thing magic is there a source is it like the sculpture, or like where does the aura is it radiating over the whole thing, or is it.
The sculpture.
Mike Sackton: How big was a sculpture.
Timothy Sackton: it's nearly the size of it, I mean it's basically life size is like the size of a person six feet tall five.
Eric Rosenbaum: feet tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: someday after we answer all these questions in my little book here i'm going to settle down get a place my own and.
Eric Rosenbaum: build.
Eric Rosenbaum: spectacular fountain I don't know I don't know if it'll be a human figure that maybe i'll have like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: cosmology spheres, with flowing water through them.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what they're doing.
Rev. David (he/him): In your death scene, we described to you the fountain that you're gonna.
tower.
Mike Sackton: Sure yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so it's just a magic mountain that is like making water, the past it's not like we we we made ourselves in it and we get alerted points back or get magical.
Timothy Sackton: No it's just magic found that's making water.
Eric Rosenbaum: I drank a little bit it was good.
Rev. David (he/him): From the first question.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, exactly it's a fan of thirst quenching.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't we didn't even give taste here any minute i'll give taster a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Also, a taster is presumably back in your camp with.
Timothy Sackton: The horses right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Technically, I should bottle some to bring back dinner time that kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah that took about 15 1015 minutes, and now you have like an hour and 45 minutes till sunset.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you approach the tower and so, so the tower and the.
Timothy Sackton: And the hall of stories are are connected, so the Tower stands maybe five six stories tall, and in the front and it is.
Timothy Sackton: Like everything in this complex made of sandstone and and decorated carved in sort of intricate shapes that run up an abstract geometric shapes running up the side of the Tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right i'm super confused here how did con get a picture of himself at the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got it you got check your text messages.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't wait.
Timothy Sackton: How did yeah I did you do.
Eric Rosenbaum: gone to tell her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I went to.
Eric Rosenbaum: That matches drawing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The temple of reshma many years ago and took a selfie there.
hey.
Mike Sackton: that's pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fucking crazy.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): where's the.
Timothy Sackton: where's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is kind of like finding the website for the Center for mind power development.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not real, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, it was funny when I first saw that the other day I was like I was like I think listen earlier and then just now, I was like realizing Oh, I know why that's familiar because i've been there before in real life and I took a picture of myself there.
Rev. David (he/him): Most.
Mike Sackton: There is it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here, yes, do you know where it is in real life, where you got that special room.
Timothy Sackton: I I I knew when I made this map I don't remember now.
Eric Rosenbaum: done more.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's been done mom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's from any any guesses.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think either.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's a minaret and a mosque in northern India.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was gonna say in do so, but yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was going to also say India.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All three of your correct it is India.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I was in India in 2009.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I don't know I don't know exactly I mean I TIM it's it's fucking weird and well, but I have, I have been there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the first time that's amazing because it's going to take the same selfie.
Timothy Sackton: So you know exactly what the town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, actually calling is one of the ghosts inside.
Rev. David (he/him): This tower.
Timothy Sackton: The tower connected to the hall of stories, which is sort of behind it and.
Timothy Sackton: The hall of story is is so there's a there's like the Tower that goes up and then there's like connecting from the Tower on the ground floor into the hall stories hall stories itself is maybe like two and a half stories tall i'm.
Timothy Sackton: facing the fountain so facing you on the Tower are these large double doors wooden doors that are closed.
Timothy Sackton: And then you know from.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the hawks scouting that there are also two doors into the.
Timothy Sackton: hall of stories itself bypassing the tower.
Mike Sackton: Is any magic anything with magical the doors the sculptures.
Timothy Sackton: Are are you just kind of walking around the entire building or just looking.
Mike Sackton: At just.
Mike Sackton: Just what I can see from right here for them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um the Tower door is not nothing in the Tower door the sculptures on the Tower magical.
Mike Sackton: Do you think we should go around the building and look at the baby go into the hall of stories and skip the Tower to start.
Eric Rosenbaum: I walk up to the right to the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: To look closely at the designs on the surface of it are there is there, writing or images in the.
Timothy Sackton: surface on the on the Tower no it's.
Timothy Sackton: All kind of abstract geometric designs on the horror stories, it is intricately deep detailed like tiny scenes like postage stamp sized scenes like hundreds of thousands of them have done Mari life all decorating the outside of the building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it was kind of like looking at looking at these at all it's just very, very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: moved, they are they like their beautiful right like it's like a it's like a it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like classic or something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I will walk around the whole building just quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, both of the doors are magical.
Timothy Sackton: The not the door into the Tower the other two doors are magical.
Mike Sackton: What sort of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I should always write this stuff down and said look it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, I think it's so fucking weird and creepy that the the image of the Tower that you picked him is like it's like exactly the vantage point of like the selfie that I can select from say it's like the same.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Almost exactly the same.
Timothy Sackton: it's like aberration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really fucking weird and creepy that I would take a picture and 10 years later, I wonder if that's happening now, like i'm taking pictures of myself that are going to end up in a camp game to play and years from now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely that.
Timothy Sackton: The One the one you and towards took in the redwoods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yes, you're right but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is weird.
Mike Sackton: aberration magic on the doors that's probably a magic walk.
i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: unavailable for conversation, because my face is like one inch away from the like dense carvings on the this.
Mike Sackton: sort of i'm TIM.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to briefly touch the door not going to open it, but I just want to see if, like it has any giver move or like is it solidly walked or does it feel like it would open.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be solidly locked.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: Like it doesn't move when you push on it at all.
Mike Sackton: And is there, like a.
Mike Sackton: handle have any I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah to open are.
Timothy Sackton: The two outer doors there, these are.
Timothy Sackton: Like again big wooden.
Timothy Sackton: reinforced with iron doors like double doors with large like two large iron rings and it seems like they were once painted.
Timothy Sackton: Now, much of the paint has faded, to the wind and the sand and time.
Timothy Sackton: But it, but they were seemed to have been painted in you know again sort of decorated in the same way as the rest of the building with like little scenes of life there's like little.
Timothy Sackton: occasional faces and things you can still see on the doors, you could you know pull on the handles to open them but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just like I mean, are you trying, are you trying to open them or just okay so just pushing on them, you can feel that there they seem to be solidly closed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If those kinds of kind of watch it our pitching against the door and ken's is kind of walks over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I try, let me give it a shot as a new initiative of Messiah be special.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe that's something.
Mike Sackton: As my guest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Candidate reaches over and put his hand on the door and tries to give it a Bush.
Timothy Sackton: you're trying to open it.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have to read the ancient magical inscription that says pull.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you sort of.
Timothy Sackton: grasp onto it and sort of tried to try to pull the door open it doesn't it does not move, and this you.
Timothy Sackton: You feel this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: radiant heat kind of collecting and then i'm almost like blasting out from the handles a.
Timothy Sackton: Just like a brief flash of this radiant energy which you jump out of the way before it strikes you.
whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, currently doesn't seem to matter if you're in this by.
Eric Rosenbaum: My house with the fountain is definitely to have that on the door to that's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you open the secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well i'm thinking about the the prayer hall doors that we opened earlier.
Mike Sackton: Just just remember um we could go to the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever oh yeah on the left there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're at that one here.
Mike Sackton: We could do this, you.
Timothy Sackton: could do to that door.
Rev. David (he/him): For the hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: With I i've had my face right up close to the story, so I want to see if there's any detail in the tiny area that I looked at.
Timothy Sackton: Of the hall of stories of.
Timothy Sackton: Know yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm okay with you see us in the carvings that'd be fucked up.
Timothy Sackton: hahaha You see, so the area that you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking at right now seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: The following season when when the horse calves are born and there's like a collection of scenes.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the.
Timothy Sackton: What do you call not shepherds but course tenders, whatever the name is um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, riding with the hurt and then you know, taking helping the.
Timothy Sackton: Young the full be birthed and then cleaning it off and then there's like you know feeding it and and.
Timothy Sackton: Keeping it warm wrapping it in a blank at this like little panel of about 16 is kind of in the early life of a of a.
Timothy Sackton: Of a fall and the people who care for.
Eric Rosenbaum: This amazing Jim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said at some point, we should, there should be something like this, except like even more massive and we do see ourselves and there's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All these different versions of like kind of wish path like we choose like you know the wonder Kansas falls off the question like it's a pale by spears is the one that.
Rev. David (he/him): kind of ties in so many of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dies, and all of them that's what he's actually good at right time.
Eric Rosenbaum: This would have been done by many people over many centuries, presumably.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so um I mean you are.
Timothy Sackton: pretty well versed in this sort of thing seeker, I mean it, it seems like this was not obviously this wasn't done all at once and.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, you can see now looking around there's a few few spots of the of the, especially on the higher levels that are.
Timothy Sackton: Blank and it seems like over time, each generation would add more detail to this in it and it as you look more carefully it's clear that there's some places that are sort of abstract designs like the tower and haven't been filled in with this kind of depiction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a trajectory of time like it's newer stuff at the top on a certain side.
Timothy Sackton: Not anything that you can see, but I mean you'd have to spend a fair bit of time studying it to try and piece that together.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because you can see from weathering which were the oldest of the carvings, for instance, probably but.
Timothy Sackton: So right so there's not like an obvious weathering pattern right so there's not it's not obvious that you know everything on this side is more whether it and it gets more clear, as you wrap around or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Based on weathering it seems like it was filled in slightly haphazardly but um whether there's a more subtle order would require a fair bit of time to discern.
Eric Rosenbaum: The structure deserves some study but we may not have time for a fully detailed mapping of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's try the Tower door.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think that's probably the best.
Mike Sackton: Immediate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM kensal kind of lingers though just just studying the this history, here it is kind of take it all in and if he sees anything a particular note like sees his family history weird you know, like kind of things about the gods that may be useful relevant to us now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's been hours looking at.
Eric Rosenbaum: It all day and.
Timothy Sackton: You can spend a long time studying it, and given that you have only about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little more than okay.
Timothy Sackton: You know a little more than an hour and a half, until that um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's.
Timothy Sackton: See you're just starting to lansing and kind of getting a sense for it um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You have a little bit of deja vu like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing nothing like a specific scene, that you recognize, but just the sense of almost you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connection to history.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you approach the you approach the the Tower door, which is um.
Timothy Sackton: Which is unlocked.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's see who's opening the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a magical door.
Timothy Sackton: The door is not magic yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love it.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you pull this ponderous wooden door open it begins.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to swing.
Timothy Sackton: swing out drifting forward are for.
Timothy Sackton: ghostly figures.
Timothy Sackton: They are it's hard to see their features because there's their robes and hooded and the hoods are covering covering their faces and they're holding their arms kind of.
Timothy Sackton: In their sleeves a little bit like this one, holding a quarter staff.
Timothy Sackton: one.
Timothy Sackton: To holding quarter stats the other two on armed men as the door swings open they drift forward and kind of form a.
Timothy Sackton: phalanx blocking the door.
Timothy Sackton: And one holding a staff kind of comes forward and stands on the stairs and puts the staff down in front and you hear this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: ghostly sort of faint.
Timothy Sackton: voice, echoing.
Timothy Sackton: turn back this Tower is protected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they look like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're.
Timothy Sackton: they're ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: And look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are your posture like I mean because you know also you don't remember how like locking this I have like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It does it does it gives it gives them the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah yeah okay i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The symbol of each month.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The as you as you do that, though i'm the one in the front, he said.
Timothy Sackton: This tower is protected.
Timothy Sackton: steps back and he is speaking in Denmark and he says.
Timothy Sackton: voice shaking slightly confused.
Timothy Sackton: Other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of kids are like you see kenzie says that, because the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know this is protected kenza like gets down on one knee and kind of does like a swirling motion and then like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The fixes rollover rippling and talk aside and then it's just going to sneering incredibly you know with on one knee like looking when my brother, and you know Kansas hands and looks at him and says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brother we've returned.
Timothy Sackton: What is your purpose here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seek knowledge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see, can understand what happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where two years ago.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at the one who's standing in front kind of looks at his companions and he says.
Timothy Sackton: We will let you pass.
Timothy Sackton: I hope, what you seek is within.
Timothy Sackton: Please be quick.
Timothy Sackton: And sharks cannot see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which lamb that was slain the orcs that we're here to do right to boost our returns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10s and 10s of uncharted of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the lock and misguide in addition.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And my companions.
Timothy Sackton: We no longer remember our names.
Timothy Sackton: sort of bounces head, but then they turn that they all turn aside to let you pass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The night before they do that I say perhaps we can help you remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will we will try to help him help you remember your name.
Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sort of look back at the companions well that works.
Timothy Sackton: As the last of you enter the Tower the doors slam shut behind you and the.
Timothy Sackton: The ghostly figures.
Timothy Sackton: fade.
Timothy Sackton: Almost into the walls you, it seems like to you it's hard to say they kind of sort of drift back and what you're looking at right now, as you come into the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Real quickly does anybody does anyone in our any of you have like photographic memories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, it really is really for one of us to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know I mean.
Mike Sackton: didn't somebody have it in did did write a photographic memory, I felt I.
Mike Sackton: Had a graphic memory, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because the because, like should like this would be like great to like remember what the Fuck these guys look like and then you know actually when we step back out, we should look in a diary to what was the name of the diary diary was this that that that.
Timothy Sackton: As an unnamed.
Timothy Sackton: Whoever it was going down their name and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean will be, we could have just decided to fight them instead, and if we killed them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then I could have made little stone figurines of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in that way, remember them its tail but I guess we didn't choose that route.
Rev. David (he/him): Nobody gets murdered without first and attempted politeness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, of course.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so you're standing here.
Timothy Sackton: In a corridor that stretches the length of the Tower on the both the left and the right side.
Timothy Sackton: There are three doors set in the wall so six doors total three and the last three on the right and then ahead of you, there is another large double door that seems to lead into the passage way that connects to the hall of store is.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere do you want to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this Tower for what is this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you look look straight up is there, like just hollow like just straight up are there, like floors and stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Know there's there's presumably in the doors, on the other, that are lining the quarter that lead into other rooms, there are stairs up there's a ceiling about.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet up and.
Timothy Sackton: This is just a dark quarter.
Timothy Sackton: there's like torch sconces and things that are unless so it's basically pitch black in here at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: club.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we better.
Rev. David (he/him): Go pull my note to should we stick together split up to, we have enough time to get through everything before dark.
Timothy Sackton: You have about an hour in 40 minutes right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And darkness and also, we expect the orcs are no that's not till tomorrow you.
Timothy Sackton: you expect or tomorrow afternoon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's stick together and move quickly.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think stick together as some.
Mike Sackton: wiser.
Mike Sackton: I think we, I think, can week sorry i'm trying to remember, did you say we could go straight through here.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can go straight so you're you're in a quarter where there's three doors on your right three doors on your left and then straight ahead at the end of the quarter another large door i'm.
Mike Sackton: A sound check.
Timothy Sackton: I know that doors, not magic that's about it, the limit of your dark vision and beyond the range of light of the two.
Mike Sackton: sides about I think we do I go to the hall of stories first.
Eric Rosenbaum: I i'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: push and pull on one of the doors, as we go past, to see if anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can see anything it.
Mike Sackton: Get zapped by a nasty fire trap.
Timothy Sackton: The door, so you you push on a door as you go past and it swings open i'm one of the ones on the right.
Timothy Sackton: This seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Just glancing past, it looks like perhaps a library, although.
Timothy Sackton: You books remain it's like empty shelves, basically, but it seems like one big room i'm all three doors connect to this one big room.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Other side is similar like.
Timothy Sackton: All three doors connect to this one big one, on which looks like a study there's like reading desks like carol's where you could put a book in and read it, a small table if you empty shells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any books still I still around it, neither.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're just dancing in as you.
Timothy Sackton: walk past hard to say.
All story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: You walk forward.
Timothy Sackton: and open the.
Timothy Sackton: The large doors.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of the hall, and this this enters into our sort of a short passage way some windows slits allows the late afternoon sun to shine down and there's another door just shortly beyond the scenes like again.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps once.
Timothy Sackton: seems like a relatively straightforward passageway into the hall of stories from this Tower, the door is not magical neither doors magical.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you push forward.
Timothy Sackton: opening the doors that lead into the hall of stories you see in front of you a massive Chamber the building just consent can SIS have one enormous open rum.
Timothy Sackton: And the way it's been designed.
Timothy Sackton: The high ceilings and then windows cut into the top allow the light to cascade down letting light stream into the room and yet keeping the ceiling and shadow giving you a feeling that there's like an endless expanse above you.
Timothy Sackton: Throughout the rum.
Timothy Sackton: there's about 10 tall pillars.
Timothy Sackton: Roughly that I can maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 1012 tall pillars that are sort of lined up in rows i'm stretching up all the way, as far as you can tell into the light of the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: All written carved with names, some large some very small just thousands and thousands of names carved on these pillars as.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at the moment you're.
Timothy Sackton: 1015 pillars and all you can you just get the sense of names i'm.
Timothy Sackton: As you step into the room.
Timothy Sackton: The I need everybody to make a perception check and a charisma saving oh geez.
let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First city grows.
Eric Rosenbaum: popular.
Mike Sackton: Top left underneath Constitution there's like a box that says strength in tax wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Here okay.
Timothy Sackton: So for a moment i'm seeker and.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you see i'm as your sort of glancing around you see scattered around.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: floor of the like leaning against the walls of the of this room skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: And then your vision fades.
Timothy Sackton: And you see.
SEC here okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you see as the scene that you're looking at fades you see.
Timothy Sackton: For a brief moment i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A young.
Timothy Sackton: dwarf sitting in a library reading.
Timothy Sackton: Just a flicker of that image.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: The scene sort of begins to to morph and shift and you see before you instead the dwarf, the young dwarf turns into.
Timothy Sackton: Who was seeker you recognize as yourself turns into a monk.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in the library that you just pass through.
Timothy Sackton: Reading a book.
Timothy Sackton: But seemingly distracted looking up every now and then i'm.
Timothy Sackton: anxious about something.
Timothy Sackton: Until a moment later the door opens and another monk comes in and says.
Timothy Sackton: it's time.
Timothy Sackton: And the first monk looks nervous and puts down his book and.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure i'm ready.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you'll do fine just remember what you've read remember the story of beach ma.
Timothy Sackton: I have faith in you.
Timothy Sackton: And they begin to walk out of the monastery.
We recognize.
Timothy Sackton: You recognize what those.
know.
Timothy Sackton: i'm 30 done Mari um.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to tell exactly when this is happening, but the live the study is full of books um you know the Everything is.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's activity as the monks two monks walk out of the tower and begin to walk across the monastery there's you know there's people crossing back and forth, you can hear the bells of the Tower ringing.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear.
Timothy Sackton: You know the sound of the phone, you can hear water.
Timothy Sackton: trickling.
Timothy Sackton: From the little streams that run down as you walk past.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: You know you you the the climb stairs are the dining room is intact.
Timothy Sackton: And there seems as you.
Timothy Sackton: follow this monk i'm walking forward you there seems to be a little small group of of.
Timothy Sackton: Other young monks men and women has HR sort of gathered outside of the of the door that you must pray for it to open.
Timothy Sackton: And as they pray the door swings open and they all put on robes and anoint themselves with oil and i'm take some of the holy water.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: As as they begin to step into the.
Timothy Sackton: The the sort of anti chamber to.
Timothy Sackton: Call have an issue of initiation is an older month they're wearing dark robes who starts to give a speech and as.
Timothy Sackton: As as the older monk begins to talk he sort of leaves the thread a little bit in, and this, the feeling of sort of nervousness and uncertainty.
Timothy Sackton: can't remember the words exactly that they were that the monk was saying, and as as this was happening, you have this feeling that you are.
Timothy Sackton: In somebody's memory you're watching what they remember of this day of the day of their initiation.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see kind of floating around you now hundreds or thousands of memories.
Timothy Sackton: The thread of this one going forward this sort of like golden silvery trail which you could follow.
Timothy Sackton: But many others kind of branching out almost like a spider web glistening.
Timothy Sackton: In.
Timothy Sackton: Two drops glistening with morning do have thousands of stories.
Timothy Sackton: Images like this.
Timothy Sackton: And you feel like you could almost reach out and grab one if you could.
Timothy Sackton: If you could find something to connect you to that story find one of your memories, that would bring you to a store you want to define you could travel along these labs.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could just grab it random.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if there's a moment in my life.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like the moment that all those monks set out to come here.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait when seeker saw himself, he also knew that too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we all saw seeker and how old the secret was it like a young seeker or cpus.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's like a young seeker like studying in the library.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I think that's a sort of synthetic memory, this is my interpretation is that it's not literally me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I we're seeing a kind of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: memory of the actual initiate which is presumably some human.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, and Mara person.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah yeah no, you are seeing the memory of the um.
Timothy Sackton: It was sort of like a brief flicker of one of seekers memories of reading a book in a library connected you to the.
Timothy Sackton: Were somehow made you latch on to this strand of the initiates memory right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, if we want.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want to find that moment, oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can find a cataclysmic moment when this whole complex was abandoned if that memory is stored here by remembering ourselves a moment of.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about the diary.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm your own memories.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to think back on the many, many terrible cataclysms that occurred in my wife.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh del it's got lots of those.
Timothy Sackton: And what what.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of those times in place and everybody died there, including it.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's the one so specifically the memory of the.
Mike Sackton: The last battle I fought in at the end of the Great War, when I was the only survivor of the battle and then.
Mike Sackton: accidentally was cast out into some other dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you remember that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you remember.
Timothy Sackton: That, why do you hoping to find precisely so I.
Timothy Sackton: know your intention.
Mike Sackton: I am hoping to.
Mike Sackton: connect with those who have experienced something similar and share their experience in my experience to learn more about.
Mike Sackton: stories.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a make a charisma check.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As as the as this old this monk is kind of droning on a little bit and the memory of the young initiate to be is turning, you know as faded from the speech and as i'm turning to you know his worries about what's going to happen next door with kind of reaches out and the steam shifts.
Timothy Sackton: And for a minute, you see a battlefield i'm.
Timothy Sackton: dead elves dead hob goblins scattered across one Alf kind of.
Timothy Sackton: beginning to push himself up.
Timothy Sackton: From among the dead wipe his face.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: The scene chefs.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You are standing.
Timothy Sackton: Outside the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: Strong, you are fighting.
Timothy Sackton: What seems like a sea of undead.
Timothy Sackton: skeletons 2030 more of them coming for the doors.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: blasting with magic and your companions are falling around you.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The small group of monks.
Timothy Sackton: That are sort of guarding the doors to the dark version here the small group of monks that are guarding the doors.
Timothy Sackton: begin to fall 123 the scallop the.
Timothy Sackton: skeleton army parts and walking down among.
Timothy Sackton: You know, with 10 the 1015 skeletons that are surviving is a.
Timothy Sackton: skeletal creature.
Timothy Sackton: But with intelligence in its eyes.
Timothy Sackton: And it holds out a hand and not just this blast of dark energy shoots out of his hand and one of your companion monks.
Timothy Sackton: is just blasted and you step forward preparing to fight this thing.
Timothy Sackton: charge at.
Timothy Sackton: The battle is intense and you can feel it strike.
Timothy Sackton: The killing blow but.
Timothy Sackton: There is no way, you will let these creatures into the monastery there is, there is no way that is not happening today or ever and, as you die your soul does not leave the world, and you remember the moment of dying and you remember the moment of.
Timothy Sackton: The pain.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: say your name out loud.
Timothy Sackton: And then, and then you feel the power, though.
Timothy Sackton: coursing through you, as you.
Timothy Sackton: strike down this creature in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: shatter its bones rip the power out of its i'm out of its undead ness.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it crumbles you see the four.
Timothy Sackton: monks who held the door the longest also rising from their bodies.
Timothy Sackton: And you turn to them.
Timothy Sackton: And you say.
Timothy Sackton: You are blessed my brothers.
Timothy Sackton: We are blessed to protect.
Timothy Sackton: To defend this monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Tell the monks return.
Timothy Sackton: beast mode will watch over your souls.
Timothy Sackton: And as they.
Timothy Sackton: coalesce into spirit form um you drift.
Timothy Sackton: passing through walls.
Timothy Sackton: passing into the hall of stories remembering the darkness that lurks they're feeling the spider web of memories and then reaching out.
Timothy Sackton: and placing one gently.
Timothy Sackton: into the web and then.
Timothy Sackton: blackness.
Eric Rosenbaum: The memory ends.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like this game TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm trying to remember what it was what it felt like.
Eric Rosenbaum: moment I was at on the threshold of of high keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Having already said, my goodbyes to my family and setting out on my journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: With big ultimate questions in my mind it's the moment of departure on the quest to seek.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, just as a reminder, nobody came back so nobody's memories, who.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: Left to go out on whatever they were trying to do 30 years ago could possibly be stored here because none of them ever came back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought they were coming here that's what I was confused about they were going somewhere else.
Timothy Sackton: And we laughed wow.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know exactly where they were going, but that was when the monastery was abandoned according to pop it off ross's after that event 30 years ago nobody ever went back to the monastery so.
Mike Sackton: Presumably that event at least partially caused or was caused by an unimaginable and dead horse.
Mike Sackton: Yes, like.
Timothy Sackton: Chris presumably yes.
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: It seems like the ghostly spirits, who are currently guarding the place.
Mike Sackton: would have laughed if monks i'd come back, since they were created.
Timothy Sackton: racked.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we figured something out.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else can we try to remember yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good good.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, no i'm thinking for a minute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just wondering about.
Eric Rosenbaum: got kind of having a flashback to the moment of discovering.
Eric Rosenbaum: The remains of.
Eric Rosenbaum: my brother friend cars divination.
Eric Rosenbaum: That led to his disappearance.
Eric Rosenbaum: This kind of like forbidden magic that he had practiced that we didn't fully understand.
Eric Rosenbaum: The discovery.
Timothy Sackton: that's like that's a good one um why don't you try what's your what what are you trying to find.
Timothy Sackton: Just anything about hidden magic and hidden knowledge.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah monks what What did the monks here uncover that they were not meant to uncover.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make our charisma favorite.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay hold on I have.
Timothy Sackton: I have something specific, for this is gonna be.
Timothy Sackton: This is gonna be good um.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a SEC.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: As me and.
Timothy Sackton: So so i'm all of you remember this story that secret told once of his dead brother and for a minute, you are there, standing.
Timothy Sackton: You know, on the on the on the.
Timothy Sackton: On the mountain side i'm the you know.
Timothy Sackton: Considering the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Timothy Sackton: forbidden knowledge of of.
Timothy Sackton: of Frank frank are, and then the scene fades and you are.
Timothy Sackton: i'm looking across a large circular room Hello hi and don't domed roof towards m shadows, a small lizard like winged creature scales a faded purple trending to pale white like a threadbare purple robe stretched in over frosted glass i'm flies out of the shadow towards you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: pacing slowly.
Timothy Sackton: back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: You kneel see a glimpse in the shadows of.
Timothy Sackton: Something green and a voice begins to.
Timothy Sackton: crack ECHO out a little bit um.
Timothy Sackton: But the words.
Timothy Sackton: don't mean anything to you, you don't understand the words.
Timothy Sackton: But you kneel before it, and your companion looks up as this creature in the shadows is speaking.
Timothy Sackton: and his face.
Timothy Sackton: looks.
Timothy Sackton: In our off.
and
Timothy Sackton: You turn and leave confused.
Timothy Sackton: Until your companion says.
Timothy Sackton: No, we have to do, I know how we can.
Timothy Sackton: fix what's gone wrong with our country.
Timothy Sackton: And you step out from the from this room into a ruin city a vast ruin city.
Timothy Sackton: stone like just monumental architecture everywhere, almost too.
Timothy Sackton: Enormous to take in temples.
Timothy Sackton: A giant statue.
Timothy Sackton: Huge Coliseum along open paved road wide enough for five horses to ride a breast.
Timothy Sackton: And you huddled together with your companions as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you hurry out of this city.
Mike Sackton: This look like cars is somewhere else.
Timothy Sackton: No definitely not not Carson.
Timothy Sackton: You hurry out of the city and, as you reach your base your camp and your horses and begin to right away hurrying to get fire away before nightfall i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The two other monks older than you.
Timothy Sackton: are talking um.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: I think this is, I think we should do this, I think.
Timothy Sackton: I think we should listen to him, I think.
Timothy Sackton: If we can.
Timothy Sackton: If we can accomplish this if we can heal the land.
Timothy Sackton: Think what that will mean for dunmore think we can recover our country, we can grow again.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's.
Timothy Sackton: Dangerous I know.
Timothy Sackton: But we should try.
Mike Sackton: I will see sorry go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: I will, I will help you convince the masters.
Timothy Sackton: And you're right now you're writing north.
fast.
Timothy Sackton: Through a.
Timothy Sackton: along a river through a coastal plain and as night falls you see in front of you on cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: Rising out of this coastal not really playing there's like lots of vegetation, this is lush right there's.
Timothy Sackton: Almost junk out savannah jungle right like parts in in to the left and right, you can see, you know dense jungles spreading.
Timothy Sackton: Around right around the River valley is more rough terrain more like savannah but then you come to cliffs in front of you that rise steeply into the.
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds of feet into the air and.
Timothy Sackton: That is where.
Timothy Sackton: The memory ends.
Mike Sackton: Did the city look at all like drink where.
Timothy Sackton: Have you been to drink or.
Mike Sackton: No, but is it like drink Korean architecture as thing right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, drink Korean architecture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The order of the awakened soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Mike Sackton: What do we know about the order of the way console.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here, though.
Mike Sackton: They are either their basement right there the basement people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There there there the mismatch issue, but this was the order of the awakened soul was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What their quest was that's this this is this is prior to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The current current.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: instantiate or what the what the Messiah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this the order of the awakened soul, and this is what I believe, whoever was in that dream in the dream world, I believe it was right, he told me to search for the stories of the order of the awakened soul this quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That apparently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Mike Sackton: Bigger whatever they tried to do when wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, just to clarify.
Eric Rosenbaum: These two monks were.
Eric Rosenbaum: had just discovered, something that led them to.
Eric Rosenbaum: undertake a quest do we think that was the thing 30 years ago, or could this have been hundreds of years before.
Timothy Sackton: I mean sorry if I was to federal they saw.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they thought Dimitar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, that that I got yeah.
Timothy Sackton: got a flash of.
Timothy Sackton: jade.
Timothy Sackton: And something that yeah you know language they didn't know so.
Eric Rosenbaum: person, they were talking to ry.
Timothy Sackton: Post Great War.
Timothy Sackton: has to be post Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: It was probably 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: Some quests they went on.
Mike Sackton: I see now see what I have sent them on a quest that was going to end badly and actually summon undead army.
Mike Sackton: I can't I can't quite a bit I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, did I switch sides oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe maybe rise to about history month army i'm.
Mike Sackton: arrogant enough to think they could succeed when, in fact, maybe they could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM was the CEO of i've Kansas had a previous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know vision of Dimitar.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that were they in the same room where the same geographical so that oh wait wait does that when kenza was watching that was he, like seeing that the same memory, but from the oh holy Fuck that's crazy okay all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait what what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so kenzo as he's like watching this unfold is just like kind of his brain is hurting he's just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've seen this before, because but i've been here but i've seen this vision before but from the perspective of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess, I suppose it was ry looking at the two figures, leaving the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the perspective of Ryan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I that's, the only thing I can I can think of is that somehow Ryan must have given these monks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: instructions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On a quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably, to go to drink water and do what I don't know to recover artifacts to.
Mike Sackton: recover the land.
Mike Sackton: to recover the land that was.
Mike Sackton: healed we may.
heal.
Mike Sackton: heal the play gland maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: warehouses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Incidentally, suggested Dimitar is still alive also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think so.
Timothy Sackton: 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: I need maybe.
Mike Sackton: Some guilt here about the failure to stop that plague I think perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the end of the great war.
Mike Sackton: yeah you know when we all failed in high school to actually keep.
Mike Sackton: The plague from killing everybody in.
Mike Sackton: john corcoran core know in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Denmark Denmark oh shit we kill we let.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah well we didn't kill them, I mean we didn't like the plague that was spreading out of airborne we didn't we didn't stop it when it killed all the Denmark.
Mike Sackton: You could imagine being a little bit guilty about that we killed.
them.
Timothy Sackton: Whether Aaron was directly or indirectly responsible for the end of the divine rule of Denmark.
Rev. David (he/him): Indirect.
Mike Sackton: Time loop involved or something.
man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: If these monks were on a quest they found something of power.
Mike Sackton: And they brought it back to.
Mike Sackton: The monastery.
Mike Sackton: And they thought it would heal the land.
Mike Sackton: They convince the.
Mike Sackton: base died to use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it woke someone dead.
Mike Sackton: And it.
Mike Sackton: failed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this related to the stone part.
Mike Sackton: The timelines don't match right we've been through this but, as far as we know, the Am I remembering him.
Timothy Sackton: know the timeline, just to clarify the timeline that you know as so great or.
Timothy Sackton: Not you don't know much for a while, then.
Timothy Sackton: 30 years ago something happens.
Timothy Sackton: The monks abandon the monastery most of the Masters die.
Timothy Sackton: Like nine to 12 months ago ship there's doubt with appears chicagoans.
Timothy Sackton: Protection and that was more like maybe six months ago.
Mike Sackton: one.
Timothy Sackton: crash crash shows up on the orcs are the garage barks our recent right there, like a year ago.
Timothy Sackton: They they're still constructing their base right it's a Warren of activity.
Timothy Sackton: So it seems like there was 30 years ago something, then some relatively long period of.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know quite what and then a year ago, something else happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or any recent like stories about like big armies have been dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's broke.
Timothy Sackton: Now I mean there's lots of stories about our car sign is haunted.
Right.
Mike Sackton: Right, and I mean the undead clearly didn't go from here to rampage across donmar and kill.
Timothy Sackton: Now I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The your impression from your map from the memory you saw was that the ghost among basically killed them.
killed right.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna try one more memory.
Mike Sackton: This time i'm going to think about.
Mike Sackton: Things that I want to that.
Mike Sackton: forgotten memories that i'm trying to not remember.
Mike Sackton: Right so like that my time in the other dimension right memories that somebody would want to hide or to have.
Mike Sackton: Not remembered.
Mike Sackton: Because they were maybe terrible or mistaken.
Timothy Sackton: That sort of Okay, make it make a charisma safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Eddy kenzo and while we should try one.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah definitely.
Timothy Sackton: You guys are rolling out today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm some of us have plus seven or Christmas eves.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't want to make it too hard.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So the darkness lasts for a few long beats have.
Timothy Sackton: No beats of of your heart and then i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The scene shifts and you see.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You see a.
Timothy Sackton: campfire that you are walking towards um.
Timothy Sackton: I should ask for us as like what are you is there anything you're specifically trying to reach out here.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean I guess the.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: i'm kind of reaching for the memory of somebody who thought this was a bad idea.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Mike Sackton: or somebody who did something who felt like that that it was a mistake.
Timothy Sackton: You so.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as you reach as you hold this kind of thought.
Timothy Sackton: and reach out for this memory um.
Timothy Sackton: You feel something outside the memory is reaching as well, some.
Timothy Sackton: Some other force that is here that kind of latches on to the darkness that you're imagining.
Timothy Sackton: I then the scene chefs and you are walking towards the campfire.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a there's a.
Timothy Sackton: there's a it's like a camp fire of an army.
Timothy Sackton: This is sort of familiar to to deal with anyway, from your time as a quartermaster it's night with an army.
Timothy Sackton: camped.
Timothy Sackton: On a on an open field along a river.
Timothy Sackton: The air is warm.
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's a summer night the breeze is blowing but the atmosphere is tense.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach you you're.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel now you towards.
Timothy Sackton: Your troops, a command your commander a.
Timothy Sackton: leader of this particular division of the army.
Timothy Sackton: And people are nervous.
Timothy Sackton: And you're nervous too.
Timothy Sackton: And you approach them and you begin whispering in Denmark to several of them.
Timothy Sackton: This is a mistake we should turn back.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: I know that is not what we are taught that is not.
Timothy Sackton: How an army should behave.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Fighting on the edge of drank or now.
Timothy Sackton: seems like a terrible idea.
Timothy Sackton: We should be protecting.
Timothy Sackton: The borders trust me this is not what we want to be doing DASA that's wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Please, I want you all to live.
Timothy Sackton: And as you turn and then.
Timothy Sackton: We must we must go now in the night before the battle is.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Is joined.
Timothy Sackton: And you're now.
Timothy Sackton: riding and you.
Timothy Sackton: See now a quick succession of.
Timothy Sackton: Images of.
Timothy Sackton: 15 2030 different people all running from battle.
Timothy Sackton: Whether because, like this commander who doesn't want to fight in drink or and think some ruler name da says wrong they think they're doing the right thing, or whether they're just afraid or whether they are.
Timothy Sackton: Whether they are.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Just to you know unwilling to risk their lives selfish greedy i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Caught in the moment of fear just 345 1015 memories in quick succession of fleeing battle and then.
Timothy Sackton: stabilize again, and there is.
Timothy Sackton: No an argument.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A woman, an old man among older woman i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A master.
Timothy Sackton: Saying.
Timothy Sackton: This is to greater risk arguing with standing now in this monastery arguing with somebody.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: Some great source or of the past, things that we can do this.
Timothy Sackton: But what if we fail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are they trying to do.
Mike Sackton: We don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Do you even know.
Timothy Sackton: What the consequences could be.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: A deep hurt in this land that.
The.
Timothy Sackton: Past pestilence that dries the blasted planes the.
Timothy Sackton: corruption.
Timothy Sackton: of evil places that leaks into this world.
Timothy Sackton: it's not so easy to remove.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think I will be joining this mission.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Well, I will pray.
Timothy Sackton: That you succeed.
Timothy Sackton: If you fail, I hope, at least.
Timothy Sackton: The worst will not come to pass, and then the other master turns to her and says.
Timothy Sackton: We will not fail, with the support, with the magic that this hero can bring he has committed to this effort as well.
done.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: We cannot just live like this forever.
Timothy Sackton: done Mars dying.
Timothy Sackton: What would you have us do.
Timothy Sackton: We.
Timothy Sackton: give up our land.
Timothy Sackton: turn to chart in for protection.
Timothy Sackton: And the other women, older women is.
Timothy Sackton: No, of course not, but we should know more about what we're risking.
Timothy Sackton: I can.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel the evil in this place, as well as I can.
Timothy Sackton: And who's to say what's keeping it in check.
Mike Sackton: Wait they're here.
Mike Sackton: This memory, when she said this place is the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's wow I mean this place this land, I guess, would be a better.
Mike Sackton: transactional so I mean this place where we're standing.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: How do you know that if this fails, things will not get worse.
Timothy Sackton: And the other monks as but counselors decided.
Timothy Sackton: Some last day to protect the monastery, but we have to try this.
Timothy Sackton: it's our best chance.
Timothy Sackton: And then they hug in and she's like I hope to see you again.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The memory fades.
Mike Sackton: I want to pay very close attention when the memories fading with a sight to see if I see any magic like i'm basically looking to see like is this is the ghost or something like that trying to watch on to this memory in some way.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: You so you do have a sense that there is something out here.
Timothy Sackton: That is somehow attracted to.
darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Whether a ghost or.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10 so remember like the memory.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: though he has memories, that are not his memories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rise memories presumably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah as for some weird reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can he remember the conversation that he had with those monks, but from the perspective of insult as rye.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: So, of course, not every memory is stored.
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: The masters, who.
Timothy Sackton: The masters, who went.
Timothy Sackton: never came back the impact that it the the implication of the memory that you saw was that the person who is memory was stored was not a master was like an apprentice was just how to them right and the Masters went off to do their thing and never came back to leave their memories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about what do we figure out what the Fuck Why would someone to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It after we leave here it's like very important.
Rev. David (he/him): i've got one like i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Just curious.
Rev. David (he/him): Where they went, and how they got there so like presumably like a couple of people went to drink or and talk to her and figured this out and then came back.
Rev. David (he/him): And like got consensus from all the Masters to go and do this like i'm really curious just to get what is the path from here to drink or and were in drink or do they go to do their thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The conversation that right and Dimitar had with the two months within drink or they were in drink or when they had the conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then they did that they're there and.
Mike Sackton: Wait where I was in drink or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's where that took place.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we can tell.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I missed that somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow the monks went to drink for okta rye got some instructions and then left and then.
Mike Sackton: His right doing a drink or.
Rev. David (he/him): it's also, is it possible that rest on in drank her as much as there's a doorway and drink or to wherever the place that right is.
Timothy Sackton: That is entirely.
Timothy Sackton: Be.
Timothy Sackton: The what what you actually saw in the vision was not ry was a shot we something Dimitar came out of it, and then a voice and a glimpse of jaded and right but.
Timothy Sackton: That makes my son's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portal.
Mike Sackton: The portal.
Mike Sackton: So it's good to drink or go to the portal.
Rev. David (he/him): So I want to see if I can try and remember find the memory of the path to get there and.
Timothy Sackton: to drink or.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah and to the place and drink or were they were talking with rice specific.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have an analogous memory of here in.
Rev. David (he/him): Well i'm thinking about like when we was young, there were all these places, you know they they wandered for years and years, and some of these were pads i'm thinking of like.
Rev. David (he/him): The first time going up river into some bara you know and his great grandfather sort of pointing out the sights on the way.
Rev. David (he/him): These are each of the you know the milestones are like the landmarks to watch for and know that you're going down this way.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe he's pointing out things that aren't super clear so like there's a road going by the Bank but he's like you know, look at look at the curve of the River over there and look look at that mountain that fell down and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make charisma saving.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing chef chefs.
Timothy Sackton: And, and again as, as always, you see well be briefly and then.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sitting in a.
Timothy Sackton: In a camp.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: You are on the plains.
Timothy Sackton: herd of goats around you.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: camp fire it's it's the middle of summer it's warm and and you're roasting.
Timothy Sackton: You know roasting some freshly.
Timothy Sackton: hunted antelope over the fire and the smells of the antelope roasting.
Timothy Sackton: And as you come to this memory you you realize it's the memory of a maybe a teenager like a youngest person.
Timothy Sackton: Who is now turning to listen to the stories that their.
Timothy Sackton: grandfather is telling.
Timothy Sackton: And there's old guy kind of walks up and he starts talking about.
Timothy Sackton: When he used to.
Timothy Sackton: travel.
Timothy Sackton: Back in the day when.
Timothy Sackton: When he was young, well younger.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Well let's see does the time workout for this um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's not a grandfather it's like the kid's Father right, because if his grandfather be too far in the past, he wouldn't get this memory in here um.
Timothy Sackton: Any says.
Timothy Sackton: And he starts to he starts to talk about the longest journey he ever took.
Timothy Sackton: which was.
Timothy Sackton: traveling South with some monks.
Timothy Sackton: A few years ago.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 years ago, just before.
Timothy Sackton: He was born the kid who you're talking to was born and.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: The monk needed a scout and a and a traveler to help them get way to the south and he's like talking in this sort of exaggerated describing everything like we traveled so far across the plains i'm just followed the River South the dryer ever.
Timothy Sackton: tell it method, the hora turns out from there.
Timothy Sackton: took us like two months of traveling to get.
Timothy Sackton: along the river through the deserts.
Timothy Sackton: And then we came to these enormous cliffs that you would not believe just cascading down what was shocking was at the bottom of the cliffs no desert.
Timothy Sackton: lush forests growing to the sea.
Timothy Sackton: We followed the River down this climb down these waterfalls.
Timothy Sackton: And we could see there.
Timothy Sackton: This ruin city this enormous city.
Timothy Sackton: tree is growing up in places.
Timothy Sackton: Where.
Timothy Sackton: The ruins giant statues giant monuments everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: I need like in your memory he's like now sketching this out like on a map in the dirt like with charcoal like drawing exactly how they went, like this is where we are now in marks the spot i'm kind of southwest of basketball kind of south of.
Timothy Sackton: The red Mesa and I went down all the way down this river.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, like this going to the role 20 map right.
Timothy Sackton: I went all the way down this river here.
Timothy Sackton: Following it down.
Rev. David (he/him): drinkers on the map now.
Timothy Sackton: drank rose on the map yep i'm.
Timothy Sackton: haha till we got to these cliffs right about here.
Timothy Sackton: And he's you know, describing the journey, basically, and you get the sense, this was something.
Timothy Sackton: That happened, you know, maybe 10 years ago, so there was and and from the implication of the fact that the memory is stored this person must have this kid must have met up with monks before.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery failed so they must have talked they must have taken this journey um.
Timothy Sackton: Some time before they attempted whatever they attempted.
Timothy Sackton: And, and you get like you can pick up from this memory, while be paying attention, like some details right so should you ever wish to make the journey to drink or you would have some.
Timothy Sackton: Information that might be useful in terms of like where there's water and how to get to the desert and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: But in the interest of time, and the fact that didn't right along narration for this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): Kong and sounds like the stories that we should just drop everything to go.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: For.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now get all right, Tim i've got i've got one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because we need that we still need to figure out what the Fuck we were doing what the Fuck, we have to do.
or drink or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Enzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is now thinking back about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When he was first when he first had to be charting and he had to go and find the lock in the sky, because it was one of those times, maybe the first time in his life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where he had a deep sense of purpose, he had a task that he needed to accomplish a new, the need to go and find the lock and decide to go, and you know escape like what he is escaping and chart in, but he knew that so he's remembering like because the conversation that he had with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so we're case it was like this is what you must do you must be chart in you must go and find the lock in this guy, and so it was the moment where he realized his purpose and he realized what he had to do next.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a charisma savings know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walk like why don't have my super as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Especially.
Timothy Sackton: Because of your.
Timothy Sackton: deadness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You have begin to imagine that sort of feeling of this sense of purpose.
Timothy Sackton: And the scene chefs.
Timothy Sackton: And you see i'm before you a vast battlefield.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is dark the sun is not shining it's whether it's night or just an endless.
Timothy Sackton: darkness is hard to tell in the distance, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: You can see.
Timothy Sackton: Like clouds of red mist kind of clumping on the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: Great and you are.
Timothy Sackton: You are in a in a line of calvary charging against this enormous wall of.
Timothy Sackton: Just all sorts of evil creatures like somehow goblins, yes, but demons i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Someone dad just like a many, many, many sort of shadow creatures like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like almost humanoid shadows that are kind of lined up and you charge and the charge breaks and you retreat in charge again.
Timothy Sackton: Intel make our wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Intel one of the shadows strikes you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, taking six points of psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And the charge breaks.
Timothy Sackton: And these and you turn and flee unable to.
Timothy Sackton: withstand the terror of this of these shadows swarming out of the darkness behind you and you can see, as you turn to flee this memory um.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like you have this sort of mirror vision.
Timothy Sackton: Like every like.
Timothy Sackton: A Kaleidoscope almost of every vision of this battle.
Timothy Sackton: Every.
Timothy Sackton: Like from 1015 different perspectives everybody who fled the only ones who came back alive, those who broke and and flatten and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm memories different memories sadness shame hatred fear i'm just every dark emotion, you can you can think of, and you can you see this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: vision, not so much a memory.
Timothy Sackton: But what you sense is is.
Timothy Sackton: Now the kind of fears of another mind of.
Timothy Sackton: This horde sweeping across the land.
Timothy Sackton: The done Mari gone forever none alive.
Timothy Sackton: Just death and destruction pouring out of.
Timothy Sackton: pouring out of done Mara and and conquering the world and the sun never rising and very dark vision of apocalypse i'm.
Timothy Sackton: building upon these memories of.
Timothy Sackton: The fear and and terror of this battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this a model like that has happened, or is is a potential future.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean this was at started is the memory of.
Timothy Sackton: Of a soldier who turned in fled from a shadow army with.
Timothy Sackton: clouds of red mist hanging over it.
Mike Sackton: sounds like the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: And now it's sort of shifted into this.
Timothy Sackton: visionary future of nothing but darkness, whether real or imagined.
Timothy Sackton: hard to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, we need to, we need to figure out what the Fuck are I wanted them to do this, I think, is the only place we're going to figure this out, nobody else knows we're in like the weird place where like you know it's like somebody come up with another good.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel now it seems.
Timothy Sackton: hard to shake this vision of darkness like.
Timothy Sackton: All of you are sort of now see you know you're seeing this and it's um it's almost as if somebody else somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Some other mind is in control now.
Mike Sackton: yeah the scary dark thing that feeds on dark themes, is trying to eat us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We saw some skeletons what's going on, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean we saw scopus.
Eric Rosenbaum: just for a moment, as we entered we glimpse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Now within seeker saw skeletons like in the hall like real skeletons.
Mike Sackton: But they weren't like moving.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, they were dead by that.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're dead dead dead dead not dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And are they human did.
Mike Sackton: You still see them I.
Timothy Sackton: know now you're sort of caught in this vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: can see them.
Timothy Sackton: And now you're sort of all caught in this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: This vision of a dark future of a future where the shadows have one and the world is black and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: There are no done Mari left and you got this this isn't like this is a.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a thing that wants this future it's, a thing that is that assumes this future is what will happen.
Timothy Sackton: But that's a bad thing.
Timothy Sackton: there's an undertone of like tower and fear and not joy and like really at this darkness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some ideas we need it, we need to still figure out the right side of the day.
Rev. David (he/him): tim's the implication of what you're saying that we're we're kind of out of memory visions.
Timothy Sackton: Just that it gets harder to to direct the.
Timothy Sackton: The memories to direct the visions to what you want to see and not what this thing what's either or when this thing is.
Eric Rosenbaum: dwelling read.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Read we need some who's our most charismatic party with the biggest.
Mike Sackton: me or also dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: That within speaker.
Mike Sackton: We both have plus sevens on our Christmas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah i've minus two, so I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably can you guys think of some moment of.
Rev. David (he/him): Trying What about something like have either of you like to have memories of like a secret Council because they have to imagine like.
Rev. David (he/him): Two months go to drink or they talk to ride they get their instructions, they come back here again, and presumably like they convene the masters and they say here's what we need to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes, what we counsel of war.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what we learned, we learned from an apprentice.
Mike Sackton: So it should be a memory and the commander who thought it was a bad idea.
Mike Sackton: huh do we hope dosa is.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: DASA.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, i'm kenza you would know that salsa was one of the rulers of.
Timothy Sackton: have done mar.
Timothy Sackton: A while ago, who.
Timothy Sackton: Was famous as being the last of the of the dynasty that be some have found dead and who foolishly rushed off to drink or to fight evil instead of.
Timothy Sackton: paying attention to.
Timothy Sackton: to Denmark and so.
Timothy Sackton: died never returned.
Eric Rosenbaum: When Was this a great one.
Timothy Sackton: This was like 400 years 300 years before the Great War, but the vision was what you saw down with was like 10 scenes sequentially leading up to this one.
Timothy Sackton: the scene of the two monks, so this was like the first moment of somebody fleeing and then there was a whole bunch more that went forward in time.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I somehow missed that OK, so the does that the DASA thing was like the first time they went to drink or not.
Timothy Sackton: be exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way, not the 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: Now 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: 30 years ago was the conversation that was in the monastery about what if I fail.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so I was the woman, we were talking to one of the ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
Timothy Sackton: No that goes you sell.
Timothy Sackton: Your very first memory in fact there's a.
Timothy Sackton: there's five ghost you only saw.
Mike Sackton: A but we didn't see the ghosts we saw were none of them was this woman who stayed behind the powerful woman who stayed behind.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: Maybe she's the missing ghost.
Mike Sackton: Because I actually think the other source of information could be the ghosts.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what whether they can remember things I don't know enough about.
Mike Sackton: souls, I know they lose their memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: They don't remember their names even.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah maybe you had one secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was just remembering.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the age at a at a very young age, just as I was starting school I haven't been sent to bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And waking up again and sneaking out to find my parents were.
Eric Rosenbaum: at a late night and seemingly very important intense meeting in a Hall, with a with a fire around a table and debating some very important thing which I had a vague notion of was maybe some.
Eric Rosenbaum: epic architecture project, but some they were they were all so optimistic about this this this massive undertaking and some people thought, oh no it's too risky like we can't expand all of our.
Eric Rosenbaum: Energy building this new thing and I didn't understand all of what they said, and that was just peering around the corner of the doorway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your thing you were sitting there watching and listening to the whole thing.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it that tender line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: detail hd.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But dogs darkness fades i'm i'm the sense of dread of the extinction of the donmar in the end of civilization fades.
Timothy Sackton: And you see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In now a.
Timothy Sackton: A small.
Timothy Sackton: Like bedchamber like.
Timothy Sackton: Like just a small room with a with a bear Cot and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a chest enough and some clothes and like like basically like a monk's.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Like a dorm room whatever and tossing and turning unable to sleep i'm a young apprentice.
Timothy Sackton: Who then gets up.
Timothy Sackton: And walks out of the dormitories and begins to walk in circles around the it after his monastery in circles around the fountain unable to sleep i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Hearing noises from.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
Timothy Sackton: The Pentagon from the.
Timothy Sackton: Chamber beyond the hall the halls of initiation.
Timothy Sackton: He turns.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks at the found in the middle of the of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the circle right the found the that you saw kind of gives it a little luck and then.
Timothy Sackton: heads for the for the wall um this is, you know this monk, whoever they are clearly a fairly.
Timothy Sackton: dexterous and acrobatic monk, because you have the memory of scaling up the wall and sort of lying.
Timothy Sackton: On on the roof of the cluster is where you can see, and well you can't see, but you can hear what's happening in the open space in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a debate going on.
Timothy Sackton: You don't quite with the wind and and you know conversation trying to you know they're not being super loud right they're trying to be.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly stealthy you know you know everybody's not whispering but it's not shout it to the wind, so you don't catch every bet.
Timothy Sackton: But you remember.
Timothy Sackton: The feeling of uncertainty and.
Timothy Sackton: fear.
Timothy Sackton: As it slowly dawns on you that that what they're discussing is an expedition.
Timothy Sackton: to the east.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: find something.
Timothy Sackton: That will.
Timothy Sackton: And you sort of get lost a little bit on the metaphysics but there's.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of infiltration some kind of.
Timothy Sackton: tendrils of corruption left behind by the.
Timothy Sackton: Events many years ago.
Timothy Sackton: That are not of this world that are.
Timothy Sackton: And, and you sort of you kind of remember you remember the words.
Timothy Sackton: which you seek are listening to the words can make sense of but you apprentice listening to them 30 years ago don't understand it's describing i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly sort of like the equivalent of ley lines but.
Timothy Sackton: of some kind of.
Timothy Sackton: some kind of extra plan or.
Timothy Sackton: realm that is not.
Timothy Sackton: A pleasant one whether it's nobody has quite a name for it right it's called in done Mari um you know the evil realm but or shots around.
Timothy Sackton: And the debate is about can can we close these.
Timothy Sackton: Can we can we cut them can we sell them off.
Timothy Sackton: And if we do, will the land come back with the land he'll will the dustin ash go away.
Timothy Sackton: And, most of the Masters are on the side of Yes, this is, this must be what our purpose was this is why the gods put us here, why.
Timothy Sackton: Why we.
Timothy Sackton: fought so hard to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, learn everything we've learned.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: We have a secret weapon on our side.
Timothy Sackton: We have raw.
Timothy Sackton: So how can we fail.
Timothy Sackton: And a few masters.
Timothy Sackton: are scared.
Timothy Sackton: meddling with extra planner forces is risky.
Timothy Sackton: all the time.
Timothy Sackton: We don't know quite what we're doing.
Timothy Sackton: But, eventually, the decision is made.
Timothy Sackton: That we will head east.
Timothy Sackton: ry will help us find the Center of these tendrils.
Timothy Sackton: And we will.
Timothy Sackton: Close whatever is their ceiling this world and and the evil world apart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They say more about where he's.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
Timothy Sackton: ry will help us find the way of what they say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is 30 years ago, you know Kansas like 26.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So basically right doesn't deliver, but the reason he doesn't deliver is because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He got broken up into like a bunch of fucking pieces.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He got fucking you know some should happen to him, which is why kenzo got like a little a little piece of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and basically we have to figure out how fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: free ride from wherever the Fuck he's trapped.
Mike Sackton: On punishment, because we didn't solve the damn plague in high school TIM is set.
Mike Sackton: To do it right.
Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So now, you have to understand what the Fuck happened to rye.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That out.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that also gives us a relatively narrow time window, during which it must have occurred have only a few years right yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically, I mean right around that time like 30 years ago yep something happened to arrive that made it him unable to follow through on helping the fucking monks distribution books.
Mike Sackton: But they all got before or what could have happened to him, is he tried to help them and It all went horribly wrong yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe he succeeded in through expanding his power destroyed himself, he said he may have sacrificed himself to seal up the portal to the other dimension.
Mike Sackton: I think if the portal to another dimension had been sealed things would be a little different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be a little quieter on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: To see that that's good boy good it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
Mike Sackton: But I mean that choking dost of the play glands would probably have.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Mike Sackton: gone away.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we have basically like part of right that's almost as good week we're powerful we could probably go seal the thing up I bet we could do it.
Rev. David (he/him): But it'd be interesting to.
Eric Rosenbaum: See.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here it's beautiful and Samir.
Eric Rosenbaum: All have stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay all right, so when kenzo took the piece of jade and like put it in front of the mirror number because, like the mirror.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And stories about that the pieces so kensal remembers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Ashley barren flame What did the mirror a shimmering darkness cutting a hole in the landscape that shouldn't be there.
Mike Sackton: Okay that's the.
Mike Sackton: That sounds like the place they went.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That needs to get.
needs to get closed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: purple light emanating from a hand being held in front of the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, presumably energy collecting on the edges of the fisher pulling it shut that sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As the bigger as the fisher closes a lash of darkness like a black with reaches on the strikes the hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And following in darkness again, but this time towards a desert landscape below on the moon, the sunlight landing on the dry rusty down on the on the dry desk the ground so the peace and jade because all of this is from the perspective of the jade when it's looking in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: So right succeeded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sounds like I guess.
Mike Sackton: They all died anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, he died he got fucked up.
Rev. David (he/him): We would say that last part again, does that mean just his hand fell off him or all of him is falling apart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so this is again this is from perspective of the jade what what the jade season, the mirror and Ashley band playing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably in the east reflected in the mirror a shimmery darkness hunting a hole in the landscape that shouldn't be there, the portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: purple light emanating from a hand being held in front of the whole energy collecting on the edges of the fisher pulling it shun it closes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As the fisher closes a lash of darkness like a black with reaches out and stretch the hand and falling in darkness again, but this time towards a desert landscape below on a moonless night landing on the Dr St ground so somehow this whiplash of energy like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now is shattered shattered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hi yes.
Rev. David (he/him): These are two different places in.
Mike Sackton: The end it.
Rev. David (he/him): Was dry dusty landscape that's not here like that's that's a somewhere else place.
Not.
Rev. David (he/him): into this world.
Mike Sackton: yeah the the dry dusty landscape is I mean if you look at the map the big thing labeled play.
Rev. David (he/him): The first part of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the most part of that is.
Mike Sackton: I think the first part of that is at the Center of the corruption of the playground.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're thinking we're looking at the other end of the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: from the inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: from the other side.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I think it's starting in whatever like plane of existence right was to begin with, and then it's falling into the material plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe only part of him, maybe there's it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because he's trapped in the dream world right now that's where he is that's like kenza is communicated with him in the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, because rise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: headless presumably.
Mike Sackton: Is he handles are completely bottle does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your body yeah.
Mike Sackton: His his body shattered into a million pieces we don't really know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Read the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and Ashley Baron playing reflected in the mirror, meaning the mirror our magic item reflected in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right right.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror that's about it in the chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay there it is yeah.
Thanks.
Mike Sackton: The I think this is the journey of rise hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly, it is exactly that it's the journey of the fucking piece of jade right.
Mike Sackton: So it started on an ashy Baron plane, which is.
Mike Sackton: In the play glands were the ones where.
Mike Sackton: He then cast this walking down right looking at the whole to schmutz evil realm.
Mike Sackton: yeah asking some spell purple light true magic coming up from rye.
Mike Sackton: Yes, closing the edges of the fisher pulling it shot.
Mike Sackton: Some wash of darkness oh uh the bow rog on the bridge and gandalf right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep yeah.
Mike Sackton: goes out and hits him it's ry backward and strikes the hand and then what happens next is not very clear.
Mike Sackton: We can't tell vision right so.
Mike Sackton: The hand next falls out of some portal, God knows how or why on to the desert plane.
Mike Sackton: Right, but who knows what happened to the rest of right he got hit by a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, exactly.
Rev. David (he/him): Right and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know a million pieces are just as handball shattered into pieces right.
Rev. David (he/him): flows through the whole that he's trying to close and the other side of the whole that he's trying to close comes out above the desert landscape.
Mike Sackton: Or it just I don't think we can tell.
Mike Sackton: Well, this vision.
Rev. David (he/him): pause for a SEC because, like we're doing, like our text analysis, but like this was not like a fragment of texts, this was an experience like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It says here, it was an image.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Are there any.
Timothy Sackton: So falling and dark it's like.
Timothy Sackton: So when you look at things in the mirror right, it shows you it can show you sequences through time right So these are two episodes separated by a break.
Eric Rosenbaum: The day.
Is that.
Mike Sackton: goes dark yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then we see the hand falling in a night sky right like the doctors again is like not.
Mike Sackton: that's a night sky darkness.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes, yes right.
Mike Sackton: So the scene ends when the whip the black web smashes into right right and we don't know how it is right it's like cut to black right when the whip is about.
Timothy Sackton: exactly right right, so you don't actually know if the portal is open or closed right.
Mike Sackton: right though the way I could have reopened it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exactly right, but then, but this also makes sense, because then piece of jade falls to the ground in the desert and kenzo got the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: parents who received it from a person in the desert so somebody bucking found like a piece of jade in the ground and like gave it like Kansas parents.
Mike Sackton: How rise, you know what pinky or whatever it is, got from.
Mike Sackton: The play glands to falling through the darkness to I mean is that literally falling like it fell out of the sky.
Mike Sackton: Or is that just a visual image.
Mike Sackton: Like does division include seeing it actually fall.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The question like just the jade from the perspective of the jade is it like hurtling towards the earth.
Mike Sackton: Or is it like a camera zoom ID.
Timothy Sackton: No, no it's hurtling towards the earth.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's falling from the sky is falling from the sky.
Mike Sackton: The jade literally fell from the sky choose a desert grant yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no desert near target.
Mike Sackton: no problem with that was somewhere in Dunbar yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then whoever fucking got it like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right at the chart in about.
Mike Sackton: Well, did your parents get it in the know your parents got it in China yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, no, no, they got it they got it in the desert.
They be done.
Mike Sackton: What we have here soon in Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where they're done live, but then they went, they fled to chart in for some reason.
Mike Sackton: Right okay.
Timothy Sackton: That you don't know because you were dead.
Timothy Sackton: They were dead by the time they were you were old enough to understand.
Mike Sackton: So they were fleeing because who knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other way um whenever we get back to Caroline like rotten Kansas definitely to do this again needs to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: date more more stories.
Mike Sackton: any chance your parents were missed I have been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'd be interesting to know they're probably, though, and for a property.
Timothy Sackton: Though is actually a clone of rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah I have no idea i'm ready okay okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck do we still need to learn.
Mike Sackton: don't I think we should change directions here and make one stab at trying to figure out what cocoons heart is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's interesting idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good idea, wait, but.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how yet i've been trying to think of how to ask.
Mike Sackton: me visions of Chicago and start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But before we do that, though right, so we still don't know what right okay so so okay so but hypothesis is the most want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They want to close the portal and want to close the portal, because there are tendrils like much like the fucking tendril that came in snap that you know right so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They want to close the portal they think they've got rice help which they do why closes the portal, but the tendril comes out snaps it and then presumably like takes a ton of data right or maybe even a bunch of people right.
Mike Sackton: yeah and then the portal either closes at either as a last gasp and the portal closes or it worms that's way to keep the portal open and it's all was a failure, we don't know which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: means so right now the portals up yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But somehow at this around the same time, there was an undead army that attacked the monastery.
Mike Sackton: and none of the monks came back on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This doesn't sound like a successful mission.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shattering into a bunch of pieces all the month dying like it doesn't sound like a festival.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know that they died just that they did.
Mike Sackton: I mean they could have been sucked into the portal, they could be in hell right now perfectly alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe they like made it past the plugins to the east coast, where they retire in tropical country yeah.
me.
Timothy Sackton: These are possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like what's over their.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way out these we still don't know if the portals open or closed.
Mike Sackton: Now, but the play glands are not gotten better right, I mean like why don't know dealt with has been in some sort of pocket dimension for 200 years but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The whole thing is the whole purpose of that was like bucking restore nature and shit like that, and it has not gotten better should have gotten Hello worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever the Monday pride and work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like how the planets were.
True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh So what are we trying to do here, are we trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I feels like we got to find right.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's look at the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Journal of as yet unanswered questions of considerable gravity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why have we not had board clarity at what we're supposed to do it feels like we need to find like piece of the bride that feels like important we need to like find and assemble piece of the bride.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where the Fuck these pieces are, I have no fucking idea what happens we'll get together, we should find Dimitar Dimitar is gonna know what the book is about.
Eric Rosenbaum: tryna tar is probably the key to everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dimitar I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: You.
Mike Sackton: I think you're probably right.
Mike Sackton: I doubted democrats really bad didn't touch too cool to be dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Dimitar last scene and drink or three years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Possibly drink.
Mike Sackton: Oh now we're pretty sure was drink or.
Timothy Sackton: 30 years ago.
Rev. David (he/him): But he made like.
Mike Sackton: Four years ago yeah.
What was.
Mike Sackton: That you could.
Mike Sackton: Dimitar kind of been somewhere that you can only get to via portal and drink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could go find the portal and jump through it now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those kinds of only had one vision of Dimitar right or more than one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it was basically a bad meaning of this game looking monks come in and then they tell them something tell them on something that the ones, because most of.
Mike Sackton: them okay so wait.
Mike Sackton: hold on if we look at this question the last one, why do you charge only an agent seem to be everywhere on the desolate plains of Eastern Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: Is all of a sudden, a little bit more interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): More.
Mike Sackton: um What if they know that riaz shattered into a million pieces and are trying to find all the pieces of rye, because they're super powerful magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're trying to reconstruct right for their own purposes.
Mike Sackton: or they know something about what the Miss die we're up to.
Mike Sackton: Like, why are they scouting around the playgrounds unless maybe they're looking for the secret weapon they've discovered that amongst did something 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: And they're trying to find, whatever the weapon was that they said they I mean we just turned in the memory them talking about how they had a secret weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's.
Mike Sackton: The secret as a right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah the secret weapon was the the fucking source through their their their why they thought that they would win why they thought this is all going to be all good is because they have the backing of the right.
Mike Sackton: Are we sure that the secret weapon and rye, with the same thing I wasn't quite sure that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was my application out that's my reading you.
Eric Rosenbaum: can only run run back that.
Timothy Sackton: That was that was what they yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the weight, but, but like I think you're right though right, because if the piece of ride that kenzo has right now was like fell from the sky, like in writing in the Action bearing plane then then yeah then maybe there's like more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pieces of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like fucking floating around in the play glands, and so what happens if you put all the pieces together, does he just like suddenly appear Oh, he needs a body to return to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cuz he's like some like a theory all like body list like fucking spirit in the dream world right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and searching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Physical body to like return to.
Rev. David (he/him): The heart the heart of.
again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): What is what is that again.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know but it's missing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One the hardest cocoon is is it needs to be returned to the temple of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which would then enable a sticker sticker right now is with mishima right now kenzo had a vision hedge funds have spoke the fish my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Asked Michelle where is chicken and fish was like oh here with me, as always, but she couldn't is unable to do the frickin protection ship event that they normally do because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something is preventing it and nominally it's the heart that needs to be returned so okay so let's play this out if we if we find the heart of she can return it to the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That enables the protection of jacuzzi to come back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is good for all of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To clean his back is able to do some production stuff and maybe that protection, then affords our ability to go and find more pieces of bri to go and close the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portal.
Mike Sackton: hmm maybe it seems like a good goal, on its own without all the pieces of right and closing the poor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, agreed but finding the heart that seems like a good a good that will that will make a lot of people that we've been talking to you happy if we can find out.
Rev. David (he/him): Just in a different direction from him.
Rev. David (he/him): We said about like Chicago woman and the other god's protection against threats from the East like are they equally protection against threats from the West and chart and.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of threats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like chart and seems to know some weird shit about all kinds going on right now.
Rev. David (he/him): Like doing and.
Rev. David (he/him): him to tell us it like do we know what was that about like some kind of a wall of protection that sort of blocking the East out or is it like more generally, these are the things that protect done mar as an independent people in nation.
Timothy Sackton: No it's the first I mean your impression from talking to from what kendra is to tell it to you and others was that this is really so it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was basically a complicated massive illusion, so it was it was like you know anytime anybody who had ill will against Denmark tried to cross the border, they would find themselves lost in a.
Timothy Sackton: dead end box Canyon and twisted and turned around and.
Timothy Sackton: Making the terrain seaman pass the ball and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, they just always always can only turn out right until they're heading away from Dunbar that sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: It probably wouldn't stop a large determined army, especially one that had.
Timothy Sackton: magic that it could use, but certainly all the like random beasts that come out of the blasted planes are like a rating band of orcs or something like that would just find themselves lost and.
Timothy Sackton: back where they started.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Anything more than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, as a result of the fall of the Wall there's all this certain detritus of bad stuff coming out of the portal and ending up in those forts like the first one that we went to and then in ravens hold.
Mike Sackton: sort of forgot, I was just reading seekers journal again we've kind of forgotten about the whole.
Mike Sackton: demon and ravens hold.
Mike Sackton: With a portal for how, for God.
Mike Sackton: Wait is that related in some fashion, maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right there's a portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: A tether somewhere else, or maybe it's the same one.
Mike Sackton: Well, the center's I mean.
Mike Sackton: was working with the how the traditional demons and devils I don't really know.
Mike Sackton: dealt with the probably no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay Look, we really Okay, I was just okay so so when when kenzo first Mexican Rossa Okay, he experienced a crazy dream, where control so was having a recurring dream of like the jade hand reaching out to him with a gash okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, oh so kenzo like in the dream like puts puts the pieces piece of jade into and and feels the gash and then gets pulled into the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on Let me read you this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you place your starter of jade in the gash the hand feels warm to the touch of almost like a person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grasping the hand you feel yourself hold through a vortex you see a brief glimpse of a vast formless expanse filled with pulsing flashing multicolored and vibrantly alive, when some color drifting Costa space in the possible ways I think it's like transporting through that plane have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something standing before he was a man Robin Hood and holding a staff in one hand, other hand, and seeing are all this home is made.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It looks at you, for a long moment than in the movement so quick seems like teleportation oh yeah right could teleport right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep Fuck.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he called.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me and he is standing directly in front of you is jade hand moving towards and then through your forehead and he says kinzer opens your eyes and see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then he says, you are not alone secret stories of the order of the awakened soul so rise like saying figure out what the Fuck these monks are trying to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because that.
Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is put put right back today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, but, but when when the the order of the console right apparently was put together right, I was already like around and helping them and ship.
Mike Sackton: And that vision makes it sound like rise, the only missing the piece, not the whole not shattered into a million pieces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know he shattered into the sorry the vision last for a moment and then the men in front of you is shattered split into many pieces that are held in place for a brief moment and then begin to fly in all directions visions classy across your mind's eye too fast to understand.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so charming and it's totally looking for the pieces of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pie chart and is probably looking for visas abroad.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they just got like the giant eyeballs by accident.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and they got a fucking giant.
Mike Sackton: Well they're not above a little opportunistic looting right, I mean who who really above guys can say we're above.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Well, these are.
are cheap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're so close to figuring out what we think we need to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh did somebody just put this timeline in there.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah sort of that today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three things happen, I like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What timely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, in the secrets journal duck and.
Mike Sackton: seekers journal there's a timeline.
Rev. David (he/him): bottom of the third page.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so it feels like there's two questions there's find the harder chicane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is fine pieces of rye.
Mike Sackton: I still want to know what's up with crash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait, we still don't know what the Fuck Oh, I guess, I guess what so I guess I guess the monks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does Why did I need the monks help why isn't right just go close the portal and salt why the Fuck is the monks.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good question that is a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can, what are the monks have access to the right is not.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there is.
Eric Rosenbaum: A source of power and energy from these.
Eric Rosenbaum: divine magic ley line like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Things that maybe the monks have access to, but right does not.
Rev. David (he/him): rise, we pick right it's not on this plane of existence, and they are relevant.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their mission, as Mr fishman is like helping people transition to the afterlife or something wasn't that the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stories very complete yet.
Mike Sackton: Even the story to the people, collecting stories.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but shorts I think you're kinda so like your your postulating the portal at what side of the portal, why was on when it was closed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're either like really close to figuring this all out or we're just completely missing some huge part of the story, the TIM like explicitly told us about like three months ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just forget up like it's like so like like he's like sending us all these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: foods and she's like fucking idiots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, you are.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in the darkness having this conversation, you can feel the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: madness of the of this so you as you shifted seeker shifted the image to this apprentice listening and on the Masters um.
Timothy Sackton: But then, is that faded, you can you can feel the sort of madness of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of this well not exactly menace the despair of this dark entity that also seems to be trapped here growing.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: it's you, you get the feeling that you probably don't want to sit here much longer in the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Talking.
Timothy Sackton: As the as the.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the vision fades right it's you know that's now now you probably have about an hour until.
Timothy Sackton: sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Having spent about 40 minutes in the in the temple and and the sun has now sunk low enough that only the top part of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the of the monastery is lit and there's deep shadows kind of falling across.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The ground where you are cast by these large pillars.
Timothy Sackton: And you can feel this.
Timothy Sackton: Just sense of despair.
Timothy Sackton: getting stronger.
Rev. David (he/him): Quick up the tower, to see if there's anything on the air force and then go check the template.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now you had that you leave the the hall.
mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So returning to the to the tower.
Timothy Sackton: So there's so so you pass the library in the study there's stairs up.
Timothy Sackton: In both in both of those rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take the library stairs.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So they both they both actually lead to the same the same place, the second floor is a large open room filled with writing desks, maybe 10 in total with shelves with like little like scroll copy is.
Timothy Sackton: Around the side it um.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the them are empty, although if you have.
Timothy Sackton: Again, another couple of those blank scrolls that you saw before or that you found a valid one these of parchment seem you know, perhaps somewhat less.
Timothy Sackton: elaborate elaborately prepared than the.
Timothy Sackton: than the valid when you find in the workshop on the writing desktop ink stained and clearly well used, and there is a.
Timothy Sackton: Day stairs up as well from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey i'm really quickly, and so one of the one of the other sessions like your kenzo wreck on talking with the aba and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever that other guy was.
Eric Rosenbaum: out for us but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was another there was another master all soccer an old woman who is a master record he attempted ritual that chose not to participate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who, and she is in the land north and west of okra and she may still be there, so there's like one other old master of law that is actually still alive.
Mike Sackton: Oh wait an old woman.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And she hasn't been seen in about five years.
Mike Sackton: she's probably the one who we saw the woman who was arguing against doing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: You should go find chair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe, because a bunch of fucking like totally random question that like totally right waste of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, we got to drink water and see if Dimitar still there, who knows giant with time, if you go to toe keira we try to figure out how to find this woman's soccer that she knows more about the ritual and that happened 30 years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now toker has about 100 times closer.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: and far less likely to result in everybody being dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true so there's no okay so anyways just putting that on there that I forgot to mention that that was another part of the conversation I had with.
Eric Rosenbaum: I said important detail yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe.
Mike Sackton: We should totally go find her.
Mike Sackton: And some, we should like cake really detailed notes on her memory, so that we can convince her we know what we're talking about by using her past like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: things she went away now right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa her name's not I got to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That somebody I think I gotta is is yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we should have caught it from memory of a got that we can find out about a God.
Mike Sackton: Just a memory of somebody who interacted with me.
Timothy Sackton: Go back it's getting dark, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Like go back.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the personal memory to link to that, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: With some somebody you've met like I got.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a powerful hermit or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret must have met powerful hermits.
Rev. David (he/him): Or, just like a sociopath.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who likes to trade things and keep the powerful items.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you continuing up the Tower or you.
Timothy Sackton: can turn it around and going back to the House.
Mike Sackton: I think we I think let's keep going up yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you continue up the tower.
Timothy Sackton: The next floor you come out into a sort of an empty Chamber.
Timothy Sackton: tiled with an abstract design of flowing.
Timothy Sackton: stairs continuing up and to large stone doors i'm standing on the far side of the Chamber entry to some sort of room.
Timothy Sackton: which must take up most of the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's open the doors.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The let's see everybody make a deck save.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those numbers could be better you guys.
Mike Sackton: Regardless I.
Mike Sackton: Care tina's baby okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: um.
let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Here so um the lightning flashes out from the doors, as you swing them open exploding from a small glimpse that you now see is.
Timothy Sackton: enchanted onto the outside of the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: and looked at the door before.
Timothy Sackton: And ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo seeker and down with each take 14 points of lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: 14 while be takes seven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bucks left.
Rev. David (he/him): Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was.
Rev. David (he/him): that's plenty some attacker I can see, probably not.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, is this uncanny dodge.
Mike Sackton: doesn't uncanny dodge apply to traps.
Timothy Sackton: It probably does.
Mike Sackton: limit thought it did that's the whole point is that the whole point, while now i'm just making stuff up.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with an attack.
Timothy Sackton: So saving it doesn't apply to saving throw effects that's evasion you get that at seventh level.
Rev. David (he/him): got it.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So as 10 doors open, you can see beyond them.
Timothy Sackton: Another library several large stone shells i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly all empty with like chain taking off of them, that seems to be where like the secret or more magical books were stored that were like chained up and and kept protected and there's a smaller shelf that contains copies for scrolls.
Eric Rosenbaum: With scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: You can search around anybody who wants to make a perception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: search a little more carefully now.
Mike Sackton: isn't bad rolls out Thank you kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Can.
Timothy Sackton: Use you do find i'm searching around.
Timothy Sackton: Among among all of you.
Timothy Sackton: It now being.
Timothy Sackton: 40 minutes until sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Three spouse goals.
Timothy Sackton: That have been sort of tucked.
Mike Sackton: With spells on America House calls with them, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see I think let's see.
Timothy Sackton: seeker recognizes them all, they are tongues.
Timothy Sackton: Sending and speak with the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: me sound useful what is sending.
Timothy Sackton: Sending lets you send a short message to anybody.
Timothy Sackton: anywhere anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: What wow over this bidirectional or anything.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can respond wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's um.
Mike Sackton: it's not even on their planes of existence.
Mike Sackton: With ask right question.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is a great idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: or like chicken.
Mike Sackton: it's a creature with which you're familiar we probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: can't get away with it, but we can totally get away with rye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Talk to arrive before yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well i'll try to we do now.
Rev. David (he/him): What is going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then rye responds with the voice of like Dave Kong age 17.
Mike Sackton: We only get 25 words each way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With my characters yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can always tweet arrived.
Mike Sackton: Basically, you can always tweet it's one tweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is that the actual constraint it's.
Mike Sackton: 25 words yes.
Timothy Sackton: Words so short message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: board is pretty good.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You actually write write a sentence.
Mike Sackton: And Ryan has like an intelligence of 406 so if we just tell her I we just be as vague as possible and that he'll come up with the perfect 25 words to ever responded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what what got him off.
Mike Sackton: um The other thing we could do is go find the skeletons and cast speak with the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: So those are my monks that died in the last Defense against the undead army.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what would that tell us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we died in the last Defense against.
Mike Sackton: The undead army COM where did it come from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
Mike Sackton: You guys do wrong, why did you Fuck everything up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was the mission.
Mike Sackton: What was the mission there's all kinds of things we could ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they might they might know that's a good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a very good point all right So can I acquire those scrolls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that going to be in them.
Timothy Sackton: equipment that you need to just type in them in notes or something because there's not a you can add spell scrolls but then you have to.
Timothy Sackton: write down on the item or something what the spell is because there's not a.
Timothy Sackton: spell score for each spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so i'm going to just in free text Okay, I have bills spell scrolls I have one that is blank one is speak with the dead, one that is sending those are non.
Timothy Sackton: combat.
Eric Rosenbaum: tongues I have a feeling we might need all these.
Eric Rosenbaum: Members in tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When it's time to go to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any language language.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's Nice.
Mike Sackton: I really think we should go talk to the skeletons in the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we breathe a sigh in the.
Mike Sackton: In the hall before before them just bear monster eats us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the despair monster just one of the ghosts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No speaking toasted the despair monster.
Mike Sackton: It has to be a course corpse oh speak in tongues, though.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Have we made it to the top of the tower, though.
No.
Mike Sackton: yeah what's finished the tower.
Rev. David (he/him): books in.
Rev. David (he/him): The scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: Are there any what.
Rev. David (he/him): Books are just the scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: Just the scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: The next floor up is like is like a meeting room a Council chamber.
Timothy Sackton: Large table in the Center a few chairs, but otherwise empty.
Timothy Sackton: And when you head out to the final floor.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: This seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: So every other floor that you've passed through has been like one large room or a few large rooms, when you come up the final stairs to the top you come into a small entry way.
Timothy Sackton: A hallway with a with a door that leads into a like an archway open door that leads into a quarter or with three doors one, the Left um one straight ahead and one to the right.
Timothy Sackton: And you can hear faintly from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
Timothy Sackton: straight ahead, the room straight ahead a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a fate of fate breeze like a rusling like.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing to distinct, but like you know sort of fame fame sort of breezy rustling sound.
Rev. David (he/him): Look.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let's look at.
Mike Sackton: Look at the.
First.
Mike Sackton: Just for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, making investigation check.
Mike Sackton: Like does it have a giant route on it that says, do not open, you will get zapped.
Timothy Sackton: know these are playing wooden doors right.
Mike Sackton: 24 investigation.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing nothing particularly notable about the about the door i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing one thing you do know is that nothing see none of these doors seem to have been opened in a long time.
Mike Sackton: Like 30 years yeah like 30 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where the first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess the first initiated which might be inside here since.
Mike Sackton: The ghosts are pretty powerful they blasted a lot of undead My guess is they're not easy to get by.
Mike Sackton: Should we go in the wrestling door in the interest of time given, we want to go talk to the elton's in the next 30 minutes.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the door swings open, you can see that this was a bedroom there's a simple wooden bed not particularly ornate a wardrobe that similarly plane on a small table with a brass candelabra on it holding designed to hold six then tapers and then I every box.
Timothy Sackton: That has been that is carved with a.
Timothy Sackton: rendition of riders on horseback hoarding flocks of goats and drifting across the bad sort of pacing back and forth, but moving through the bad each time a paces back and forth is a ghostly figure who turns.
Timothy Sackton: To look at you surprised, as you enter.
Timothy Sackton: He is.
Timothy Sackton: Fake as his features are sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly indistinct like they've sort of softened with time and age can not quite fully remember his face.
Timothy Sackton: But he is wearing robes of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: mist die of beach man and and you recognize hit this ghostly feature from the first memory that you encountered in the hall of stories.
Timothy Sackton: As the one who.
Timothy Sackton: told the undead army.
Timothy Sackton: You will not enter.
Timothy Sackton: And turns to look at you, as you approach with some surprise.
Timothy Sackton: Turning turning and sort of raising his fists slightly and saying.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can so are you, is it does the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does the gesture of the initiates.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it gets down on one knee and proceeds to do the ritual greeting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brother.
Timothy Sackton: got past my brethren.
Timothy Sackton: But who are you.
Timothy Sackton: To use our signs and symbols.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On kenzo and initiate a visual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also edit initiative locker.
Timothy Sackton: There have been no associates of business, since I.
Timothy Sackton: found defending this Tower.
Timothy Sackton: How could you be an initiate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bali asked for my life and.
Timothy Sackton: you'll start to look closer at you.
Timothy Sackton: That is a.
Timothy Sackton: surprising thing, but I see no line you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spoke.
Timothy Sackton: How did this happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: happened earlier today.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: What have your companions Who are they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were in fellowship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all seek.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: understanding of what is unfolding what happened here 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what we must do now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know of rye.
Timothy Sackton: I know the name, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know of the quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the order was undertake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In collaboration with the right.
Timothy Sackton: I remember some yes.
Timothy Sackton: What is your concern with such history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that whatever happened 30 years ago is deeply connected to the corruption in the land that's unfolding today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strange demons are found throughout the land corruption that concerns the Center bars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Destruction amongst the gods chicken now unable to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Protect Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've all this is connected somehow to what happened 30 years ago and also potentially wise with appearance, or whatever happened to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you aware of any of this news.
Timothy Sackton: There has been a darkness growing in the land, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Something changed.
Some.
Timothy Sackton: Some force of protection.
Timothy Sackton: Something that was.
Timothy Sackton: Keeping the rock from spreading somehow.
Timothy Sackton: failed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The heart of chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what mishima told me.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps but.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: This has been growing for many years.
me.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: when most of my order laughed.
Timothy Sackton: and did not return.
Timothy Sackton: Something was fried something was.
Timothy Sackton: Something that had been watching over the land cease to do so.
Timothy Sackton: And every year since then.
There have been.
Timothy Sackton: More.
Timothy Sackton: Things we've had to drive off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since when since 30 years ago, since 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what happened, what happened to your order What were they trying to accomplish and what happened, what was the outcome.
Timothy Sackton: They were trying to.
Timothy Sackton: Close some.
Timothy Sackton: portal and I presume, they must have failed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did the undead army come from.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot leave this Tower do you don't know where they came from only that they came here.
Timothy Sackton: Even before I died I stayed behind to protect our stories.
Timothy Sackton: Is that out, I cannot leave this Tower.
Mike Sackton: What is the darkness in the hall.
That is a sad story.
Timothy Sackton: saw john.
That is her name.
Timothy Sackton: She was the.
Timothy Sackton: She was the master of the archives, many years ago.
Timothy Sackton: When the Great War and the plague struck.
Timothy Sackton: And all who's lived here died.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: bound herself to the hall of stories.
Timothy Sackton: She will have a web of.
Timothy Sackton: snares and nightmares that those who.
Would.
Timothy Sackton: seek to destroy us that would seek evil of this place were caught in.
Timothy Sackton: But she is lost.
Timothy Sackton: And if you try to find memories that touch upon.
Timothy Sackton: darkness sometimes she will rise and take control.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: 20 years or so, after the playing that we were able to come back reclaim the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: And by that it was too late.
We did not know how to save her.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe someday.
Timothy Sackton: A new living master will come.
Timothy Sackton: And figure out a way to heal her.
Timothy Sackton: But during my time.
Timothy Sackton: We just tried to.
Timothy Sackton: show her happy memories when we could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your name.
Sorry hold on one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: My name is Carmen.
The last master of the.
Miss dianna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: camana if you're the last monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you share more about the nature of.
Of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What should happen now, of what happened, which failed to happen before that needs to happen now.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: What should or should not happen, that is not my purpose.
Timothy Sackton: My purpose is to protect the tower.
protect the hall of stories.
Timothy Sackton: I know that.
Timothy Sackton: darkness has grown, I know that.
Timothy Sackton: just under a year ago.
There was a.
Timothy Sackton: great wave of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: foul stench of a rotten ocean that washed across us.
Timothy Sackton: Coming from Carson then.
Something.
Timothy Sackton: Is there now some.
Some creature object of power.
Timothy Sackton: And these.
Timothy Sackton: Dangers have grown.
Timothy Sackton: We hold on by a thread, there are the orcs.
Timothy Sackton: are growing more numerous every day and.
Timothy Sackton: their fear of the ghosts may not last forever.
Timothy Sackton: We are strong but a determined army.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps could break through.
Timothy Sackton: I know that.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know how all of these things are connected, but I know that whatever happened 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: uh well core allowed or somehow.
Timothy Sackton: That failure.
Timothy Sackton: Let evil into this world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where there any survivors that where's were there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When whatever was unleashed was unleashed did anybody see it was any is there any survivor from that time.
Timothy Sackton: None return from the East to this monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about soccer.
Timothy Sackton: She left.
Before they left before they turned east.
Timothy Sackton: Most when East a few stayed with me to protect the monastery.
And it soccer.
Timothy Sackton: turned West.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any more questions for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Last master of reshma who was not there at the moment that we needed somebody to be there to witness, whatever the Fuck we don't understand.
Rev. David (he/him): What he's gonna say.
Rev. David (he/him): that's true reshma.
Rev. David (he/him): We send our gratitude.
Rev. David (he/him): or.
Rev. David (he/him): Welcome in conversation.
Rev. David (he/him): what's it like being a ghost.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
It is.
Timothy Sackton: Different, it is hard to think of things that are not.
Timothy Sackton: That are not defending the Tower defending the hall.
Timothy Sackton: It is hard to force my mind to remember the past.
Timothy Sackton: My purposes all now.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you feel days passing.
Timothy Sackton: I feel moments in time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know who the skeletons are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: downstairs.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Are my companions who died fighting.
Timothy Sackton: Some perhaps our.
Timothy Sackton: works or hop goblins or.
Timothy Sackton: other creatures that wandered into surgeons traps and we're ensnared and died of hunger, thirst wandering and just bearing memories of the dark.
Rev. David (he/him): that's true do you have.
Rev. David (he/him): unfinished business outside this Tower that we can bring to rest for you.
Timothy Sackton: If I once did, I can no longer remember at.
Timothy Sackton: All that consumes my mind is.
Timothy Sackton: seeing this monasteries safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's in your beautiful every box.
Timothy Sackton: You may take that possessions mean nothing to me anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pick it up to look at it.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it has.
Timothy Sackton: It holds up candles for the candelabra there's six of them.
Timothy Sackton: it's a decent it's not a I mean it's a pretty nicely.
Timothy Sackton: carved box it's you know it has the scene of.
Timothy Sackton: riders on horseback hurting a flock of goats it's a very sort of pastoral it's intricately done.
Mike Sackton: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: See okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not looters.
Rev. David (he/him): didn't you just give it to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I suppose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You could.
Timothy Sackton: say you could take it possessions mean nothing to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The one time we're actually given permission it's now official yet.
Rev. David (he/him): We did by know I respect the way that seeker each birthday would refuse to accept presence, because they were looted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know where the harder.
Timothy Sackton: That is not my.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, to your friend, it is difficult to focus on.
Timothy Sackton: Anything that is not.
Timothy Sackton: My purpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you seen visitors.
Eric Rosenbaum: From charleston.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is anyone from the society of the open scroll in here and tried to enter.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Recently, though.
Timothy Sackton: Some odd creatures that pass through some of which got eaten.
Timothy Sackton: By the flying beast that lives outside they were.
Timothy Sackton: They were almost like human Hyena creatures that they seem nearly undead themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've met those.
Timothy Sackton: But no humans have been in my tower anyway.
Until you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you ever met a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Small purple wings sarcastic lizard.
Timothy Sackton: I have heard tales of this creature.
Timothy Sackton: I was not.
Timothy Sackton: made the journey.
So I have not met that creature now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the nature of the danger 30 years ago and is it the same danger we faced now.
Timothy Sackton: I can only say the danger I perceive to my realm.
Timothy Sackton: But I will say this.
Timothy Sackton: When I was alive 40 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: This place felt.
Timothy Sackton: not safe.
Timothy Sackton: Carson is full of ghosts.
And the haunted dead.
Timothy Sackton: and always has been, since the plague.
Timothy Sackton: But it didn't feel.
in imminent danger.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
The monks left.
My friends.
Timothy Sackton: With Ryan never came back.
Timothy Sackton: And whether it was.
Timothy Sackton: Their failure.
Timothy Sackton: Whether they open, something that should have been closed.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it was simply that.
Timothy Sackton: The power of.
Timothy Sackton: The monks, and I mean we were not a helpless order.
Timothy Sackton: Many of us traveled across the land.
Timothy Sackton: helping those who needed help and giving protection and and if you've heard any stories of rye, you know that he was far from power less.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it was.
Mike Sackton: That they open, something that.
Timothy Sackton: should have been closed or attracted the attention of something that should have been left.
unwatched.
Timothy Sackton: or whether it was simply that.
Timothy Sackton: Those who protected the land.
Timothy Sackton: failed and their protection vanished.
Timothy Sackton: Since that event 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: darkness has crept back into the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: And I can feel the danger closing in around this Tower cannot tell you who or what might be in danger outside my domain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you say the monks left from here with rye.
Timothy Sackton: Bay they.
Timothy Sackton: Know right was never here they left.
Timothy Sackton: I guess right, I was supposed to meet them or I don't I don't know the details of their exact plan, there was some discussion among those who were leaving.
Timothy Sackton: Just before they laughed and those of us who stayed we're preparing for our own journeys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know why Ryan needed your help.
Timothy Sackton: I was never one who was.
Timothy Sackton: He seems like he's sort of struggling with his memories, a little bit um, it is hard for me to remember what happened before, if it does not concern the defense of this Tower.
Timothy Sackton: By order has long been concerned with.
Timothy Sackton: Not just.
Timothy Sackton: memories and stories.
Timothy Sackton: But the echoes and resonances of those stories elsewhere.
Among the planes of souls.
Timothy Sackton: I presume.
Timothy Sackton: rise mastery is in other.
Timothy Sackton: Parts of magic.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps.
needed help.
Timothy Sackton: Connecting somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To be sure.
Timothy Sackton: Whether to the gods or.
Timothy Sackton: The Energy of the plane of consciousness, or something else I cannot imagine.
Timothy Sackton: I would not speculate and I.
Timothy Sackton: Fear those details are.
drifting from my mind.
Timothy Sackton: But whatever happened the danger has grown year by year.
Timothy Sackton: Until last year.
Timothy Sackton: When something changed again.
Timothy Sackton: And the darkness co lasted Carson.
Timothy Sackton: This creature garage the orcs talk of.
Rev. David (he/him): You see them building his temple from your tower.
Timothy Sackton: cannot see from my tower Now I hear sometimes them talking below.
Timothy Sackton: They will not linger too far.
Timothy Sackton: Too near the Tower for the ghosts scare them but.
Timothy Sackton: Sound carries in the night desert air and sometimes they will.
Timothy Sackton: sit and talk.
Timothy Sackton: outside.
Timothy Sackton: Their base.
Timothy Sackton: And if they say things that concern the defense of my domain my hearing is heightened.
Rev. David (he/him): Is this the top floor of the towers that we're building.
Timothy Sackton: This is the top floor.
Mike Sackton: um what's the i'm kind of falling asleep what's the plan to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to wrap.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we can wrap up, it would be nice to get some sense of what you're gonna do next.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna say I was, I was gonna say that same thing, it would be nice to understand.
Mike Sackton: decided a plan next.
Mike Sackton: plan before we wrap up but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well i've been writing it down a bunch of options.
Mike Sackton: I see I like to go to curse God and die one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a number of good side quests here, we should definitely do all of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But see this is the thing this is part of what is both frustrating, but also, I think tim's genius we still don't know what the Fuck the main quest is actually like kind of like it's still not totally.
Timothy Sackton: Right well just because you've uncovered three layers of main question haven't bothered to do any of them doesn't mean you don't know what the main.
Eric Rosenbaum: The main quest is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The way.
Mike Sackton: they're chicken and the portal what's the third one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well there's there's right.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
I gotta.
Mike Sackton: I gotta.
Mike Sackton: Not a main quest.
Mike Sackton: Because the side quest.
Rev. David (he/him): quest.
Mike Sackton: Maybe it got has more of a quest than we think, maybe we should go to a gotten next That was our original plan.
Timothy Sackton: there's cocoon there's there's crashing the orcs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is grass in the works.
Timothy Sackton: there's the part of.
Mike Sackton: The problem is, if there's five quests none of them could possibly be the main quest.
Rev. David (he/him): But, but this is postmodern to do there is no main.
quest.
Mike Sackton: they're all side quests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is what I like him about about what's happening is like it's just not it's like it's not like so linear like Oh, we just do xyz it's like there's a bunch of things we could do and it's not totally clear what the Fuck is the right thing to do, which makes it kind of fun.
Rev. David (he/him): I like it, because I feel like we keep going to different places, including today like tell us what.
Rev. David (he/him): information.
Timothy Sackton: You just gotta decide.
Timothy Sackton: What is the quest your characters want to accomplish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I think the biggest challenges don't know what the Fuck that threat it's like what is the threat it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like all this darkness, that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From what motivated by what for what reason right it's like, no, no.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we do like an around like just go one by one.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, Leo like anything relevant that you think is going on and then what you think we should do next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that yes, let's do that Jamie started, but he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said, what do you think is happening and what.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Mike Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): 30 years ago they tried to close a hole that was a leftover from the Great War.
Rev. David (he/him): But something happened to ride along the way, that we're going to combine like the rye magic with the divine magic I mean beginning some of these terms wrong, but like.
Rev. David (he/him): Ryan never made it to the meeting, for some reason, all the months got wiped out the whole instead of getting closed somehow got worse.
Rev. David (he/him): that's probably that was 30 years ago, then stuff keeps coming out of it.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay that's all I got so.
Rev. David (he/him): For next steps.
Rev. David (he/him): I come, I think it would be really fun to go try and kill garage.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, I would definitely be on board for trying to kill God it's probably a terrible idea.
Rev. David (he/him): Like well, we would love to go to drink or, but I think he's he also like has a strong sense of like obligation, the sense of like if we told that we were going to help out with this.
Rev. David (he/him): You know Defense on the eastern edge have done more stuff that like we were obliged to kind of see that, through first, so I think he's more inclined to figure out how to like read reboot boone in the hardest cocoon and like Brian kind of restart this Eastern border stuff but.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't know what that leads to exactly.
Rev. David (he/him): I guess what i'm saying is like I think i'm more inclined to stay in Denmark and put some of these threads to bed before going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the ancient forests.
Mike Sackton: So my take is 30 years ago that well 40 years ago these monks somehow found out something about.
Mike Sackton: drink or maybe they found a portal to ride and drink or whatever, and they somehow hatched a plan, possibly driven by ride possibly hatched by them, whatever it was.
Mike Sackton: To combine their plane of consciousness why right could just get kind of do it, I don't know but combined to their point of consciousness magic with Web.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worst part.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I was busy with something else the the in my other campaign, I have a.
Timothy Sackton: mysterious disappearing lizard folk plotline that is eventually going to involve kiner.
wow.
Mike Sackton: But so rye went out to the somehow hooked up with the monks, to try to close this whole he may be succeeded, but probably really didn't and.
Mike Sackton: Just anger, the thing you know washed out and knocked off his hand, or maybe shattered him and so he's possibly scattered over the desert, or possibly just one part of him is scattered over the doesn't.
Mike Sackton: And that led to the some nasty evil thing growing in the far part of the playgrounds and.
Mike Sackton: For a long time it was just in the playgrounds and like really the playgrounds are already nasty evil so like how much difference did it make.
Mike Sackton: But it's been growing and it finally reached civilization, in the last year, right in the form of garage taking over Carson and somebody or something somehow.
Mike Sackton: starting to actually magically attack the border of Denmark say by stealing chickens hard as possibly the beginning of a hey what's actually expand the playgrounds and make them take over more of the world.
Mike Sackton: Or maybe not who knows, but one way or another, the the long slow badness turned into a much more acute chronic went from chronic to acute in the last year.
Mike Sackton: And the heart of all that's in Carson somehow whether it's garage or whatever else there's something going on in Carson that is driving this.
Mike Sackton: d Agnes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But garage is like a fucking foot soldier right garage is like is like a little he's like a you know cuz, but the real thing the real plot is with beings that are as powerful as right like what can what can fucking break riders rise jade man.
well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
Mike Sackton: Possibly the peace worship, like a God.
Mike Sackton: They the orcs all claim garage can bring them back from the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also, there are other God when silence.
Mike Sackton: And the he claimed they started he kind of killed the.
Mike Sackton: dark or silence dark or somehow defeated dark or dark doesn't talk to them anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm interested in the god politics, like the demigod politics right cuz be schema is with chicken and laca and and makkah and she can and cannot commune with people anymore, because the hardest stolen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The heart, not just like random was going right that feels like part of a plot driven by so whatever dark forces right I don't I think rush is not like the main the main source of evil garages like is like a symptom of of like whatever the Fuck is even more.
Even more powerful.
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think ry is on to whatever that deeper source of evil is, which is either about reborn it turns out shema is working with never seen or shut wherever the Fuck like.
Mike Sackton: The I think the ultimate source of evil is not a conscious one.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I don't think it's a villain I think it's a corruption, I think it's like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: learning process.
Mike Sackton: yeah that seeping through the world right.
Mike Sackton: And it's it's not actually it's causing villains to appear like crush.
Eric Rosenbaum: boss battle against an emergent phenomenon.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see it but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The reason why I think the gods are important, is because we need to leave the material planetary bar and go to like other dimensions and shit.
Mike Sackton: Like that's like definitely not a fifth level, we would die, would we leave like.
Mike Sackton: Oh no it's time to leave the material plane of tall guy and go fight god's when we're 10th level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly so but but that's the hard part right at some point we have to, we have to go into the day, while portal or go to drink for and good portal they're fucking start exploring extra dimensional right, we have to, we have to start getting into level like God.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah but.
Rev. David (he/him): So con what's your take on what we do.
Mike Sackton: All that so.
Mike Sackton: I dealt with his with wealthy right like health is both very interested in helping to drink Koreans like they saved him like he was dragged out of the desert he sort of just feels like.
Mike Sackton: Denmark Denmark Denmark.
Mike Sackton: yeah it feels like the Denver area kind of like the.
Mike Sackton: One is adopted home but.
Mike Sackton: And he's he's mildly obsessed with Carson that's very appeared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As he as so Kansas Kansas fucking Denmark so kenza is very motivated to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, ultimately return the heart of she returned my participation, probably is like one of the bigger bigger priorities honestly because, like returning the hardest, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Return something like stability and some more protection against whatever fractions happening in use.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that feels like a pretty important like higher level thing now that we understand what the Puck is going on, can draw us also knows what the Fuck is going on, but the hardest cocoons so like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going getting back to our iowa talking i've been talking to them about like what the Fuck is going on with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe sending to kendra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: address.
Mike Sackton: You sending to talk to control.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're going to use that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say like.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think the the wise course of action would probably be to circle back to control circle back the kairos check out agatha dust mother's little hot.
Rev. David (he/him): On the web.
Mike Sackton: On the way back and.
Mike Sackton: Talk to control figure out what's basically run the Carola mission that TIM was planning for us a few sessions ago that we ignored.
Mike Sackton: and possibly go seek out this person from.
Mike Sackton: This person from.
Mike Sackton: Tokyo right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think she knows anything but the doctor she know she left she left before she was a master like this dude is a master.
Mike Sackton: yeah maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Mike Sackton: Then what Dell, was it his heart wants to do is go into.
Mike Sackton: Python yeah.
Mike Sackton: and see what's going on there.
Mike Sackton: So our customer.
Rev. David (he/him): wants to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do in his heart yeah the seat you don't we should do, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Potentially go to Carson but strictly reconnaissance do not like anything do not well the fight anything like do not fucking like ticker with like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we go near the periphery and send fucking animals in and like just scout the whole thing out you don't mean just do like a Hawk thing only scouting battle nothing just a fucking understand what is happening there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, if we go in, we are invisible as buck, and we we send the hockey in we scout the whole place out and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, if there's something interesting that's connected to what because because that's true delegates whole plot like why the Fuck are you trapper 200 years where the Fuck are you what the hell does that have to do with all this shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's got something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, once the Hawk scouts the place out well no place to go, and then we all go and visible and just like look and not let anything which is going to lead us to get caught and bound, and then we will have to fight until like 1000 works and died a crashes hands.
Good plan.
Mike Sackton: Exactly so that's the rash that's the that's what that was was to do this heart but not quite as the wisest plan of action.
Mike Sackton: But I think we should just do it anyway because we're nearby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I got.
Rev. David (he/him): You.
Rev. David (he/him): But this is what you're advocating for our next course of action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I okay i'm just playing in this out right like just geographically, it would be one way to do it, since we're so close I think we're so close scouting makes sense right like we can totally have like well be like like get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get a fucking you know.
Mike Sackton: You know, we can scout and then scout with some swords and kill submit the courses were scouting right, and you know, be very quiet and use thunderbolt to.
Mike Sackton: jog tomorrow right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Exact very good at that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if we can actually manage to scout and not because, like every place we've got we've actually been able to kill everybody's there when once we get caught I don't think it's gonna happen at Carson I think it will die we actually just did.
Mike Sackton: That last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Week.
Rev. David (he/him): I can interrupt somebody might just said reminded me to use thunder wave in the battle with the.
Mike Sackton: magic was.
Timothy Sackton: shattered shattered but.
Rev. David (he/him): I was just thinking about what this guy was saying of like sound carrying far in the dry desert air like.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's why we have to leave in the next couple hours before the orcs calm remember there's a group of works that we are sure is coming.
Rev. David (he/him): Well they're coming tomorrow as part of a guard change we.
Mike Sackton: Have.
You heard.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean side point.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gotcha oh yeah I think scout Carson righteous to the requests don't don't don't put the kicking the hornet's nest me to learn something about what was happening there.
Eric Rosenbaum: alrighty I haven't large, but I also have reduced which I can cast on Well, this is only a foot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's kind of cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it can't find anything so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just little tiny bows.
Rev. David (he/him): Like you, if i've got a shot at crush like you have to take that shot right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think we should do what's your analysis.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I don't know seeker in his heart is just obsessed with the interconnectedness of all things and wants to.
Eric Rosenbaum: travel between planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Speakers interested in God politics right like what the heck is going on, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, all that stuff is super foreign and it was never part of the cosmology that he knew about.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so now it's like whoa wait, there is God politics intersects with cosmology like gotta figure that out that's like super important yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and so so finding the heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: would probably be the top thing for secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: crush is just like weird stuff who cares about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just blow them up, if we have to, but it was built into waistline.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think kinds of feel similar, I think, like the garage part is like we should go check it out just because it feels important and learn more and also to support valid and trying to understand more about his history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mm hmm but then after that it's like let's let's get back to the terroir maybe stop by just mother on the way back and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, try get bit harsh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also have this clairvoyance thing, so I think it's a mile range and I feel to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have line of sight, but then I can like project my.
Eric Rosenbaum: perspective to a mile away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's useful so that's safer than and visibility to.
Rev. David (he/him): What if, when when the day comes that we want to go to drink or like we go back up to the source of this river, by the way, while portal and like restart the river and then we can just write our way, all the way down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just restart the River yeah.
Mike Sackton: good idea.
Rev. David (he/him): Probably a switch or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: That can razaleigh route in ocean like just unplugging ocean bottom into the failed port portal, so it flows out there.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay that's a great idea.
Timothy Sackton: Just to just to wrap things up um.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to start next time talking more to the guy to this ghost or are you done.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we're done, I think we still want to take a look inside the temple up here before moving on probably.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is there a lot in the temple should we should we try to just move on with the plot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, we could utilize the whole like leaving this place and going to the next place and just kind of be underway.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is there, like.
Timothy Sackton: Totally up to you.
Mike Sackton: Is there, like many fascinating things of the temple that you spent hours, making up or is it like 10 minutes and nothing that exciting.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to go the sample.
Timothy Sackton: Like we're now you don't.
Rev. David (he/him): Go to the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh fucking a Kansas definitely going temple I mean he's definitely gonna go there's not like we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just pray at least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we can do quickly, though let's let's wrap up this this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scene like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quickly well.
Mike Sackton: I mean if we can do the camp of 10 minutes let's just do it tonight.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should start because it's it's like 1230 for you guys already like.
Rev. David (he/him): Well yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's time with the tunnel, we shouldn't do the temple.
Mike Sackton: Tonight okay.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah and then the plan is to recommit.
Timothy Sackton: I was just asking whether we should.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you have about half an hour till sunset at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: I was just wondering if we should like rush if you're gonna rush back to camp.
Timothy Sackton: and sleep and we'll start in the morning, or, if you want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, do you the template night I see or before the sun, the sun goes down.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: Try and start up before the sun goes down.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah I think we'll try to go through the temple before the sun goes down then camp sleep pretend reconnaissance in tucson.
Rev. David (he/him): Tomorrow Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK, and then head back to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Carolina.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): By way of a goddess mother yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but we got to be I mean Carson is like it's strict strict strict reconnaissance.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly.
Mike Sackton: I mean we have to you know if we see some things we should explore them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but without engaging and revealing our presence, because if we become revealed we're going to unleash like a fucking shitload of orcs they're going to chase after us and practice and it's going to be bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if you got a shot at garage you got to take that shot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we got a car song the lobby.
Rev. David (he/him): assumption that like a second level of visibility spell will protect us from a God.
Timothy Sackton: trick what is that, why does the thing from the wire, if you shoot at the King you better not mess.
Eric Rosenbaum: The skin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While he's done we're gonna take a shot.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm not gonna miss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That really happening.
Rev. David (he/him): I like this, a lot, I think this is a good plan I think it's a little bit insane, but I think it's a good plan.
Mike Sackton: Now it's a good place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where it's going to be the action adventure running away seen it's gonna be great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do want to comment, though I do want to comment, though I think the vast majority of like what we've been doing this full time is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go to this place where we don't know anything about the place to try to find answers and we go to the place and we never fucking find answers always.
Mike Sackton: kind of answers here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I answers here, we did buy as much here you're right but we always end up with more cash questions but way more questions, and you know it's like we go and we're like oh we're now in that we know and then we end up like nano.
Eric Rosenbaum: We in there document we've answered like to have the questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look at the five plus document that i've had.
And I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the issue is the way I originally designed this was.
Eric Rosenbaum: For us to really learn figure stuff out.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, I was expecting you to.
Timothy Sackton: be much more linear.
Timothy Sackton: Like figure out the second stuff that was going to lead to something else.
Timothy Sackton: But you just really starting off.
Mike Sackton: We messed everything up by not investigating the darkness at the heart of the cocoon temple when we were in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we.
Mike Sackton: screwed up TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't have access to that.
Mike Sackton: We didn't try very hard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've learned Mike because Mike was like you have to go to Raven zone so then we just left.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, when we came back from ravens holding the centers were like there's a darkness here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was all like standoffish was like no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: emotion, you know, like I find.
Rev. David (he/him): At one point, we were like no there's something big going on here tell us about it he's like no.
Mike Sackton: But I think we should have taken, that is a sign that we probably needed to.
Mike Sackton: investigate by speaking into the template night, rather than Oh well, it says it's fine it's probably fine it's just.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: I I very much enjoying how this has played out it's just.
Timothy Sackton: had all the information reveals backwards.
Rev. David (he/him): Well it's funny, though, because I feel like until like last session was where it sort of came crashing in on me, but like until that point I sort of felt like it was linear like like it always felt like we're going to the next most clear set of unanswered questions.
Rev. David (he/him): We weren't.
Rev. David (he/him): I felt.
Eric Rosenbaum: were watching a.
Eric Rosenbaum: season of this TV series in the wrong order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to schedule.
Timothy Sackton: um oh yeah I think.
Mike Sackton: We have no May.